Although I'm an atheist who believes only in great nature, I recognize the spiritual richness and grandeur of the Roman Catholicism in which I was raised. And I despise anyone who insults the sustaining values and symbol system of so many millions of people of different races around the world. An authentically avant-garde artist today would show his or her daring by treating religion sympathetically. Anti-religious sneers are a hallmark of perpetual adolescents. [from Salon] &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Camile PagliaAlthough I'm... No one can write decently who is distrustful of the reader's intelligence, or whose attitude is patronizing. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- E.B. White: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Elements of Style No one can write decently who...I really wish that Frank Zappa were not dead. He was an American Original. He was an artist, a businessman, a writer, and an American who was always true to himself. One of his complaints about the culture of the United States is that we celebrate mediocrity. Zappa's theory was that the masses delude themselves into thinking that they too could be stars, and that was somehow important. The sad truth is that fame means nothing. Zappa believed that the competence was a much more laudable goal, and he was famous for working himself, and the people who worked for him, like crazy. I've taken to striving for hypercompetence, and that in the seeking to be the best I can be, something positive comes. This is the eternal challenge: to have a meaningful life. For myself, my family, my friends, and my field.I really wish that Frank Zappa were not dead.Made some changes to the site. Killed some dead headers. Not a redesign, but it will have to do.Made some changes to the site.I admit it. I watch Television. I even like some of it. Some faves include Law &amp; Order (both flavors) The Simpsons, Survivor, Frontline, and even those Trek shows. Another favorite is NYPD Blue. Somewhere along the line I went looking for sites which discussed NYPD Blue - and that is how I discovered the greatest fan site. Good articles, cogent and thorough analysis. Recommended.I admit it. I watch Television.Feeling really tired. But a good kinda tired. I missed out on a  San Diego craigslist party - but worked hard on a site launch -- lightpointe.com. When you're under stress with good people, and you know it's not a regular thing - it's kinda fun!Feeling really tired.I will indeed be attending SXSW in Austin between 9 + 13 March 2001. I suspect it will be interesting.SXSW attention glamorizes everything.an observation:It occurs to me that this Blogger stuff may be dull. Still, the prospect of keeping a journal is kind of a neat one. Of course, I'll have to keep it up. Let's see if I can do that. Rant at me.It occurs to me...I've been a "bachelor" for the last few days while my wife is visiting family in Miami. I find that I really do miss her. The cat seems to miss her as well. Every so often he just starts meowing and looking at me, as if to say: "isn't there something missing here?. At any rate, she'll be back soon, and the cat and I will be at peace. In the meantime, we'll tough it out.I've been a "bachelor" for the last few days...Continuing the overreaction to thoughtcrime: Third grader is suspended for a drawing of a soldier and military paraphernalia. As a person who as a kid was always drawing, this sickens me. The freedoms my country (the USA) offers are being chipped away. I feel for the kids of today.Continuing the overreaction to thoughtcrime:More and more I find myself in a role of elder statesmen. I think somehow that by taking on more responsibility I have become more responsible. When I worked as a Respiratory Therapist it was clear cut. My responsibility was clear. I protect and maintain the airway, venitilation, respiration, and try to be a compassionate caregiver to my patients.In my present professional world, as a developer, and as a leader, and as a person who interacts with clients, I have broader and somehow scarier responsibilities.I feel more responsible now, and feel like I do a good job. I have have slipped into being a better person by trying to pay attention to people and by being as forthright as possible with people. Bonus points: mistakes in web development seldom result in death.More and more I find myself in a role of elder statesmen.another shooting in my town. as the new header proclaims, it's springtime. but the sublime beauty of the flowers does not remove the essential truth that life is cruel, brutish and short.another shooting in my town.

Coolest message I got on my birthday -- from my Hawaiian-born friend Steve K



Well - Happy Birthday Joe, Otanjobi Omedeto joe-san, Hauoli lahanou Joe.

Coolest message I got on my birthdayEntered the Reddy Kilowatt Makeover contest - #02001.1 - a Viridian Design Contest.

...Here's the final result.

Hey, I can do as I please, it's my birthday.Another late night following my bliss.I had a great time at SXSW - though it wasn't as mind-blowing as I might have hoped.

What was very cool was meeting many many fine folks of evolt.org. Magnifico.

Milestones:
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Today, WebSanDiego.org turns 2.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Tomorrow, I turn 31.
Also, made some major changes to the navigation of this site. Hopefully didn't introduce any new bugs.

Must now sleep.I had a great time at SXSWI am sittng in my seat on a Southwest flight to Las Vegas. There is a trio of bimbettes 'back and to my left.' They have paid the four bucks and orderd tequila. They will reach their destination in Las Vegas. I will avoid them by changing planes in LV for Austin. (written on 03/8/2001)Bimbette TrioTomorrow I fly to Austin, Texas, USA for SXSW aka "South by Southwest". I am looking forward once again to the wondrous process of putting faces with names. Let's hope I have pleasant flights, cabs, and that the hotel works out ok. We shall see.Tomorrow I fly to Austin, TexasJust as soon as I put it up, what was a New Header is now old. And has been put in deadheaders. Replacing it is a scanline webcam-type number. I think I'm obsessed with ornamental headers.Headers!New Header. Including a nice picture of Jenny for the first time in a header for ArtLung.com. The isometric block at upper left is something I've been toying with. There's something compelling about 3D space with perspective removed. It reminds me of the thesis of How to Lie With Maps: Maps are paradoxical - to communicate spatial truth, they must conceal and simplify.New Header. Rosie O'Donnell On Math. Do people really think that computers mean we don't have to know math? That the advent of electronics and digital logic means mankind can sit back and coast? A real pity. [new url as of october 2001] Rosie O'Donnell On Math.The very talented Deb Shadoviz wrote this book about Adobe GoLive called The GoLive 5 Bible, and she used a quote of mine in the chapter on CSS. So you should check it out next time you're in the web design section of your local bookstore, or you can buy it from trusty old Amazon.The very talented Deb ShadovitzInspired from a posting to DigitalEve SanDiego... I dredge up a wonderful speech from Bruce Sterling on "Wooing the Muse of the Odd" - it's about pushing at boundaries and being unique. Design is not about limitations. It's about possibility.Inspired from a posting to DigitalEve SanDiego...From the "I forgot to mention it department" - the current header contains a picture of the Carlsbad Flower Fields from last year. Even a schmuck like me can occasionally take a nice digital picture. Previous headers live here.From the "I forgot to mention it department"Our taxes were done for the 16th. Many  tasks remain undone.Our taxes were done for the 16th.Another reason why I idolize William Gibson: I can't get the phrase "Venice decompressed" out of my head. The phrase is in the book Idoru. I've been listening to the audio book version on my short commute. Venice decompressed.Another reason why I idolize William Gibson:The PHP AutoMagic Gallery Listing is the latest item to be added to The Lab. Never heard of PHP? Shame on you!The PHP AutoMagic Gallery ListingThe Fresh Air radio show from Tuesday, April 10, 2001: a remarkable interview with the author of a new biography of Timothy McVeigh.Their book is significant to history, given Mr. McVeigh's shyness with the press, and yet the authors, both journalists, come across as mild-mannered to a fault. Until I had heard an exerpt on the radio, I had not realized that McVeigh had confessed to the crime.Their book is called American Terrorist and looks to be worth a read. William Gibson, in the new film No Maps For These Territories, describes seeing footage of the Murrah Building on CNN as a pivotal moment. The bar for science fiction had been raised, as the modern world made another leap of incomprehensibility.The Fresh Air radio show from TuesdayAnother header. And old ones here.Another header. And old ones here.From The Memory Lane Dept: TI-99, Amigas, and PowerMacs, OH MY!. I've been thinking maybe I should be writing longer pieces for the site. I am such a long-winded person on mailing lists, maybe I should be more long-winded here.From The Memory Lane DeptThe weather here in San Diego today is lovely. Not too hot. Sunny. Pleasant. Almost beach weather! Water temperature still not high enough for bodysurfing or swimming La Jolla Cove though.The weather here in San Diego today is lovely.Go Christina!. Award Shows are useless. The Blockbuster Entertainment Awards doubly so. But I like Christina, so nyeah.Go Christina!How wonderful it is to have worked with cool people: ingrid, steveS, brett, joeT, jamison, carolynC, liz. And that's just a slice!How wonderful it is to have worked with cool people:I think the fact that I sometimes find myself up until 3 in the morning for no really good reason is an indicator that I'm undeniably a night owl. I like staying up late, but this is ridiculous.I think the factYup, the script still runs. Jenny I love you!Yup, the script still runs. Free as Air, Free as Water, Free as Knowledge: is my favorite link to quote people these days. I like especially the references to Ben Franklin. How do we resolve the problem of fair use in a market driven world? Dan Gillmor's latest column, which calls for people to get active on the issue of fair use, brought the speech once again to mind. I also posted this to MetaFilter. Free as Air, Free as Water, Free as Knowledge:It's the little things in life that have greatness.. dictionary.com, google, dmoz.org, imdb, amazon, irt.org. These are useful. That is a great compliment.It's the little things in life that have greatness..The quote in the new header is from Confucius. Much wisdom in the Analects. We walk a path. We seek wisdom. I have gained no wisdom today. Perhaps tomorrow.The quote in the new header is from Confucius.I have lots of JavaScript experience. Amazingly, this makes me valuable in some ways. I had no idea that people would tip for it. I got my first Tip the other day through the lab. Is my Lab now a commercial site? Or am I just a busker - some modern day mendicant poet of JavaScript? Hmmm.I have lots of JavaScript experience.Current listening material: Jurassic 5, Prince, Christina. Latest reading: The Big U, by Neal Stephenson. The Big U is a remarkable book, not the least of which for being about the darkest comedy I've ever experienced. Savage in some parts, while retaining an odd charm. Apparently the author did not really wish it to come back into print, considering it too much a first novel. My favorite Neal Stephenson remains: The Diamond Age.Current listening material: Another story on the folding of EduPoint - this one from The T Sector. I wonder if I can buy my old work computer from them? It wasn't bad. It would run Quake III pretty well. Alas, EduQuake is no more. Another story on the folding of EduPointEduPoint - a former employer, goes bust. Another interesting idea that missed the mark.EduPoint - a former employer, goes bust.Voltes V Paper Models by John Paras - added the other day. John Paras does this wonderful otaku thing and makes paper models of the five component craft which make up the giant robot, Voltes V.  John was gracious enough to offer the pictures to me to put on this site if I like. Of course I did, but I wanted to mush them together, and give him credit. Let's Volt In!Voltes V Paper Models by John ParasKeeping a journal is a responsibility, once you start it. But what does one do when there is precious little to share? I'm in transition now. Lots of irons in the fire. Things on my mind. Other people have things about to happen as well. The new Bruce Sterling interview  in Locus indicates a new nonfiction book from him called Tomorrow Now sometime soon. William Gibson is working on a new book, no idea of the release date. David Byrne has a new album due to be released soon. There's a new biography of Talking Heads out soon. So much stuff. Meanwhile, visions of new articles for artlung.com are gelling in my head. Stay tuned.Keeping a journal is a responsibilitySo tonight Jenny and I are watching TV. It's a special on PBS. Quite good, and all about the human genome. So they start talking about cystic fibrosis - a genetic disease which wreaks havoc on the lungs and body of those who have it. Very awful, and something I would occasionally deal with back when I was still a Respiratory Therapist. Now, the interesting part comes when we hear the a person who has this disease of CF mention that she lost four pounds overnight. my wife hears this and tosses off a "I would love to lose four pounds overnight." My reply is, "no you don't want to lose four pounds with..." and here I think. "CF" but when I say it out loud it is expanded to "Cold Fusion." Cold Fusion is a web programming language. This is the moment I realize that inhabiting my skull is no longer the brain of a Respiratory Therapist. It is now occupied full time by a Web Developer.So tonight Jenny and I are watching TV.A lovely Memorial day here in the States: best highlight - playing a few games of foosball - including playing a game with my wife Jennifer - who had never played before, ever.A lovely Memorial day here in the StatesThere is no undo for rm * in unix. The files are just gone. And you only have yourself to blame.There is no undo for rm * in unix.New lab item! How can I change every link on a page to something new?New lab item!Thought for the day: "When three men walk together, there is always something I can learn.  Choose what is good in them and correct what is not good." - ConfuciusThought for the day:I'm a comics fan - and I keep meaning to explore these links. after-y2k.com comics.com - Red and Rover dieselsweeties.com e-sheep.com exploitationnow.com markmartin.net nichtlustig.de penny-arcade.com redmeat.com scottmccloud.com ucomics.com - Pluggers userfriendly.org mercurycenter.com/comics I blog them so I may revisit (or visit!) them.I'm a comics fan - and I keep meaning to explore these links.The other day I watched Stop Making Sense [buy | learn about] on DVD. I had not seen the movie in a while. I do have a VHS videocassette version, but have not whipped it out for maybe 2 years. I was struck, on the additional commentary track, bu the naivete of the artists, and of Jonathan Demme, the Director. Perhaps they were indulging in nostalgia, but it sounds like a project that was fun to make. It was great to hear the thoughts of the participants, these many years later. It's stunning to me that it's 17 years old now. I can vividly remember being in my local Tower Records and wanting to buy it, but not having the money for it. Talking Heads were a remarkable band, for their ingenuity and originality.The other day I watched Stop Making SenseAnother addition to the lab: WS_FTP Password Decoder.Another addition to the lab:New stuff for the lab!  Multiple, Hierarchical SelectBoxes and Reverse a string, but only the digits. Always satisfying to add to the lab. Based on the hit logs, it looks like people are using it. This makes me happy.New stuff for the lab!Rudy Limeback, a fellow I think very highly of, asked me to post this to my site somewhere. It was prompted by a simple question posted by the head lemur on the webdesign-L list, a mailing list for web developers.And so, here it is.Rudy Limeback, a fellow I think very highly ofI have an irrational affinity for Christina Aguilera. In part it is irrational because her roots are multiethnic, like me. I have at least Scot, Irish, Mexican, Spanish, French, and Yaqui in me. Christina can legitimately claim to be Latina, and be on the cover of Latina Magazine. She can also claim Irish heritage, and appear in the Irish Abroad web magazine. This is a wonderful example of the melting pot. Many of us in the USA are just mutts. Interesting things happen when cultures mix. It also illustrates the fluidity of racial definitions. In the end we all should be judged by the content of our character.I have an irrational affinity for Christina Aguilera. A small mention of me, and of the WebSanDiego.org mailing list in this weeks' ComputorEdge. Link to the ComputorEdge version, or to the more permanent link here - from Doug Welch's site. Thanks for the mention, Doug! A small mention of me Twigg's is a small coffeehouse in North Park -- part of San Diego. Last night Jenny and I saw Will, a co-worker at AVENCOM play guitar and sing there. I was pleasantly surprised - he's got talent. Number One with a bullet, I think. As was pointed out last night, it is nice to see the people you work with in more than just a work context. Twigg'sI enjoy good weather. I like bundling up and snuggling under thick, heavy layers of covers -- but summertime has a nice featureset. I'm looking forward to much bodysurfing and snorkeling this year.I enjoy good weatherAnd now, something beachy in the header! Ta da!And now, something beachy in the header!Yikes! More than a week since I've posted anything. Some news - the water temperature is 62 degrees F. Andd yesterday I went to the beach. The waves were subpar, but I went in the water. It was very nice. Pictures soon - I want to put something beach-y in the header.Yikes! More than a week since I've posted anything.My car is now fixed, for certain a mixed blessing. I think I will miss the time afforded to read and contemplate and decompress while riding mass transit. Maybe I'll ride the bus sometimes, and drive my car to work sometimes. Err... sometimes.My car is now fixed, for certain a mixed blessing. Another new header for the website. This features my big ol' head looking out the window of the bus on the way home. It's not a bad picture considering I took it myself and was trying desperately to not look self-conscious. Also included is some typographic nonsense. The colophon for this one would include references to Times New Roman and the 04B-03 and 04b-09 pixel fonts from Yuji Oshimoto's 04FONTS. As always, the old headers are in the deadheaders section. Another new header for the website.A new header was posted. It's a very old picture of me, and a new item, a bit of playfulness which I call art. You can view it if you wish. Nice to get an art jones off my chest.A new header was posted.Here's the URL of the story. Basically I was a source / interviewee about the Del Mar Fair's web design contest, and why not many people entered the thing. It boils down to the word not getting out. Being the guy who formed WebSanDiego.org, I theoretically should know about such stuff.Here's the URL of the story.This past Tuesday I was quoted in the newspaper. Oddly enjoyable.This past Tuesday I was quoted in the newspaper.I'm mortified. Broken stuff in the lab. The horror! The horror! The multiple select tool was broken in essentially every browser. Ugh. Luckily nobody donated anything on the strength of that one. I have now fixed it.I'm mortified.Always give your best, never get discouraged, never be petty; always remember, others may hate you, but those who hate you don't win unless you hate them, and then you destroy yourself. - Richard Nixon. Whitehouse Farewell Speech. August 9, 1974 Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. - Yoda. Star Wars: The Phantom Menace. A long time ago.Always give your best Yesterday I took the bus home. I've been taking mass transit while my car has been having trouble. I was at the Fashion Valley Transit Center and the fireworks at Sea World started. Sea World does fireworks every night - and if you can see Mission Bay from where you are, you get to watch the fireworks. That's a rather pleasant side effect of living in a tourist-friendly city. A kid - clean cut in khaki's and a pressed white shirt - possibly a cholo-kid -all of  13 years old, leapt up and ran to the second floor landing of the Transit Cenetr to watch the fireworks. Nice to see not everyone on the planet is jaded and cynical. There should always be something that warrants a sprint up a flight of stairs. Yesterday I took the bus home. Today, Jennifer graduates with a Bachelor's Degree. I am very proud of her. Today, Jennifer graduates with a Bachelor's Degree.Bonfire. Great. Me tired.Bonfire. Great. Me tired. What blogs / journals do I try to check regularly? It's hard, because you can spend all day and all night reading blogs and never get any work, play, or necessary family, spousal, or anything else -- done. But here they are. In alphabetical order: backupbrain ; camworld ; captain cursor ; matt haughey / matt haughey ; joel on software littlegreenfootballs ; memepool metafilter ; robotwisdom ; scott andrew ; zeldman. That's all for now. What blogs / journals do I try to check regularly?The Strategians / WebSanDiego.org / Techniquelle  Bonfire.2001! has hit fifty RSVPs. Too, too cool.50 Bonfire.2001! RSVPsControversy du jour: Microsoft 'Smart Tags' Could Violate Law - Attorney  - via littlegreenfootballs blog Based on this line of reasoning, valley url , dialectizer , et. al , vischeck color blindness simulator , lynx viewer , or even babelfish could be interpreted as "derivative works" and get the law on their asses. The problem is not meta-manipulating content per se. The problem is when it's *only* microsoft allowed to do the smart tagging. A nice thing might be to be able to choose your smart tagging engine. So maybe I can choose a finance specific engine so I can go to real estate and investment sites and understand that stuff better. And Smart Tags themselves are not bad. The W3C's Annotea seems to be the same damn thing, but without the Microsoft control, and without the bundling with the browser. And the bundling, sports fans, was the key problem in that antitrust issue.Controversy du jour:I got a postcard from RT Temps in the mail yesterday. Very tempting to go off to some exotic locale and travel and do respiratory therapy. Or even just go traveling and work. Of course, I've not practiced my Respiratory Care license in a few years. But it's nice, especially in what are presumably bad economic times, to have a fallback position.I got a postcard from RT TempsQ: What is AAAFNRAA? A: Anything, anytime, anywhere, for no reason at all See: Time Magazine Frank Zappa ObituaryQ: What is AAAFNRAA?Many people know me only via email. I have always been a little obsessive about my .sig file. I just made another change of my .sig, and retired the old ones. No particular reason, just felt like it. I've been getting more done than usual, and maybe that warrants a "reboot." Check out the old .sigs hereMany people know me only via email.One week to the Bonfire!  -- I can't wait. Can you?One week to the Bonfire! ...Zappaism: AAAFNRAA -- Anything, anytime, anywhere, for no reason at all. I think I'll add it to my personal SIG.Zappaism: AAAFNRAAToday I have realized that three of my favorite movies are war movies. Stalag 17 [imdb | amazon] , Three Kings [imdb | amazon] , and Lawrence of Arabia [imdb | amazon] . It may be a stretch, but they all share a common thread. They feature profound cynicism about the military, and about the politics behind them. They also are unflinching in their portrayal of the brutality of war. Stalag 17 and Three Kings in particular put  heroism, idealism, and unparalleled cynicism into their protagonists -- Sefton and Archie Gates. Those two characters share cold and honest assessments of how the world works.Today I have realized...July, 1997, when I first heard of Jakob Nielsen. Probably when I started to smarten up about the web.July, 1997Comic-Con is pretty cool so far. Hooking up with friends, drooling over expensive merchandise, laughing at my own age and nostalgia (I get all wispy when I see things like the Micronauts, which are these cool toys from my youth which I can't afford now). The best thing I picked up was a book -- The Busy, Busy World of Richard Scarry -- a biography of an artist / author whose work had an impact on me as a child. His best books are oversized, superdense with words and text, very innocently drawn, but definitely educational. I loved the details in his work. I loved the fact that there were always things going on on the page which were not referred to in the text. For me, a visual child, always, this was a special treat. Words and pictures can interact - this is a core principle of comics. It's not simply illustration. It's not merely writing. Comics happen when you multiply the two together!... I was reading the biography last night.  I got it from the booth of Bud Plant (a great comics and culture book dealer). The book is out of print on amazon, but they have it at budplant.com and they have it at the Con. Unexpected things delight.Comic-Con is pretty cool so far... Last night as I was making my way from work to my car I was greeted by the sight of Lara Croft and Indiana Jones -- apparently now a couple -- moving northeast in the Gaslamp Quarter. They looked great, Lara even had her sunglasses on. I'll admit that her windbreaker didn't help my suspension of disbelief, but still. The only explanation of these fictional characters coming to life is San Diego Comic-Con!. I missed Thursday and Friday. But I'll be there all day today and Sunday. Should be good. Toss me a message if you're in town! Last night as I was making my way from work to my car...My goatee is getting long. I can't figure out whether this is good or bad, but it makes me think of ZZ Top. This is bad inasmuch as ZZ Top is kind of a joke as a band. Like a musical footnote in the latter 20th Century. They do play some mean guitar though. What do I know from guitars though. I think my musical taste is atrophying. This is my playlist this morning: The Gourds: Gin and Juice; Dynamite Hack: Boyz N Tha Hood; and Pink / Mya / Lil'Kim / Christina Aguilera: Lady Marmalade. I used to passionately follow Talking Heads, Joy Division / New Order, They Might Be Giants, Matthew Sweet, Tori Amos, Morrissey. I think I've gotten to the point where I don't take popular music seriously enough. When people recommend bands to me I'm usually unimpressed. For me I think it's got to be be either Zappa: vast Antarcticas of history and complexity in a huge body of work ... or it's Christina Aguilera: aesthetically pleasing, with an underlying vocal talent, and evidencing hard work - but ultimately the judgment of history will probably be that her work was overproduced. Maybe I'll get into Gilbert and Sullivan. That music has lasted a hundred years already. I did really Like Topsy-Turvy. I could definitely see myself in the depiction of Mr. Gilbert.My goatee is getting long...Lab time again! This time I'm addressing the question of the dotted lines in Windows MSIE. It's titled: Why not to use blur() to make dotted lines go away in MSIE for Windows. The cousin of this entry is outline: none CSS property.Lab time again!This is my favorite search today: google search: java applet site:microsoft.com. Why? See: Java is Essential to the Software Ecosystem by Clay Shirky. See also: Call to Action for the OEMs (about Windows XP support for Java or lack thereof).This is my favorite search today:Will will be playing at Lestats Coffeehouse (here in San Diego, yes) on the 24th of July. I work with Will, and have heard him play. He proves that a killer ASP (and Cold Fusion, and SQL Server, and Flash) programmer can be a sensitive singer / songwriter / guitarist. Go to his site. You might also want to harangue him into putting some darn audio files of his work up. Heh heh.Will will be playing at Lestats CoffeehouseNew gizmo - put it up on my members.evolt.org account - PHP Image Size Grabber. Have I ever mentioned that evolt.org rocks? No? Well it does.New gizmo - put it up on my members...Happy Hour #8 is totally tonight. Hope to put some faces to names and email addresses.Happy Hour #8 is totally tonight...AuctionMart seems to be an excellent application of the internet to an old problem. Seems like every Respiratory Therapy Department I ever worked in had equipment which was in disuse, but was perfectly functional. These were untapped resources, which could be easily sold to other facilities which could use them. In return the selling department can use the generated revenue to get equipment they can use. The internet enables geographically distant places to carry out these transactions. And yes, eBay does the same thing with, say, Beanie Babies.AuctionMart seems to be an excellent application of the internet to an old problem...Beach party! Silver Strand State Beach - absolutely lovely time with family. The water was hideously cold though - even by my standards - I personally require 63 degrees Fahrenheit before I go in. But the waves were excellent. Big. Powerful. nice bodysurfing.Beach party!I saw Jerry Hirshberg speak the other night at San Diego Museum of Contemporary Art. He's a great speaker. He's articulate about creativity. He has a passion for design, and is evangelistic about the power of design to change, and look ahead which is completely infectious. His book: The Creative Priority : Putting Innovation to Work in Your Business - is another thing I need to put on my shopping list.I saw Jerry Hirshberg speak...New item for The Lab:Some bookmarklets which I can never remember where to go get. So here they are.New item for The Lab:websandiego.org happy hour #8 in a week! san diego comic con in 10 days! can you stand the suspense?!?!websandiego.org happy hour #8 in a week!I've been doing even more spring cleaning this weekend. Nice to go through old things. Among the items I found are old notes to myself when I was first learning about the web. My interest was almost exclusively graphics. That was my way in. Now what's interesting is the enabling of human interactions. I used to seek eye candy. Now I seek something else. I don't know where Dennis Wilen got it, but he gets it when he says that it's not the downloads that are the amazing part of the 'net. It's the uploads. The instances where people are encouraged to dive in and have a new experience on the web, and on the net. These are the things which are where the fun stuff happens. Eye candy can be a bonus, though.I've been doing even more spring cleaning this weekend...I'm selling some things on ebay. Check them out my ebay page!I'm selling some things on ebay...The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 [imdb] [amazon] is a great cheap date for a Saturday Night. It's a guy movie that even my wife likes! It's a "caper picture" - several armed men hijack a subway car in New York City. It's filled with wonderful character actors. I like that the characters are cynical and smartasses. Any movie where even the bit players get to have great, funny lines is on the right track. In too many movies, only the stars get to shine. In this one, everyone gets to play.The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3For Independence Day!: A short presentation on the Continental Congress, The U.S. Constitution, and The Declaration of Independence. Have a great day!For Independence Day!Return of the Jedi is also available in Manga: However, Amazon only has volume 1 and volume 3 though. Strange, that. Dark Horse Comics also has the Star Wars Mangas. They are the publisher.Return of the Jedi is also available in MangaAlso available in Manga format (4 volumes): The Empire Strikes Back:  Star Wars Episode V.Also available in Manga format (4 volumes): The Empire Strikes Back: Star Wars Episode V...Doing some spring cleaning today on the office. Sorting, categorizing. Discarding. Revisiting old comics is great. Well not too old. Manga Star Wars: A New Hope was one highlight I found. It's a Japanese / Manga rendition of Star Wars, translated back into English. What? You've never heard of Manga? Manga is a style of comic from Japan. Manga which you might have heard of in this time period might include things like Pokemon and Dragonball Z. These two examples, say almost nothing about the medium though. Here's a definition of Manga which includes discussion of Anime as well. Which reminds me: Comic-Con is coming!Doing some spring cleaning today on the office... Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance. - Dave BarryI like this...Folks of the moment: misunderstood genius Kynn Bartlett, voice of a blog generation Matt Haughey (who also has a weak stomach), recalcitrant debater Todd Brizendine, cranky pundits Dori Smith + Tom Negrino, and Doc "always with something interesting to say" Searls.Folks of the moment:Some men see things the way they are and say "Why?". I dream things that never were and say "Why not?" - Robert F. Kennedy. Comment: This sentiment bears repeating.Some men see things the way they are...Something very neat, and a little bit scary as well -- www.mapquest.com now provides aerial photos of many locations. Southern California is covered well, Virgina sporadically, D.C. pretty well, some parts of Washington State are in b+w, Miami is pretty well covered. Unsettling to see one's dwelling in Smart-Bomb-O-Vision though.Something very neat...Great essay on why Dmitry Skylarov should be released. Brings up the key issues: Fair Use, the DMCA, the dead media problem, the rights of authors, the transnational issue - and from the unique perspective of someone who has actually published eBooks.. I love books. I love technology. I love the internet. I think authors have rights to be protected. Dmitry's incarceration is wrong on many counts. Free Dmitry!Great essay on why Dmitry Skylarov should be released. I picked something else up at Comic-Con. Something not sanctioned by Lucasfilm Ltd.  These three articles are hilarious. But they do not do The Star Wars Holiday Special justice. It's much much worse.  As the credits rolled and Bea Arthur and Harvey Korman and Art Carney rolled, I started uncontrollably laughing at the thinking behind the special. Essentially they crammed The Star Wars Phenomenon into the 1970's Variety Format. And the end result is long, disturbing, and just silly.  And I will not be accepting that Chewbacca has a son named Lumpy. Or that his father is named Itchy. This is not part of the Star Wars Canon.  Jenny and have watched about 40 minutes of it so far. We're trying to pace ourselves. We feel prolonged exposure may result in health problems. I picked something else up at Comic-Con. linklint is one of a very few perfect pieces of software around. By which I mean that it does what it sets out to do with a minimum of fuss. I have been using it since at least 1998 to wrangle the links in large static html sites. The author, Jim Bowlin, has put the software under the GNU GPL. Free, and free to modify. If you do unix it's a tremendous tool to do QA and testing on your sites. Generates a spiffy report too - here's artlung.com. Looks like I got some stuff to clean up. It doesn't do javascript based links, or onclicks, or flash -- not sure if it handles CSS style refrerences like: url('page.image') or @import. Much to explore with this upgrade. It's now 2.3.3. I've been using 2.1 for 3 years. Hm. Looks like urls with querystrings (like my wedding photos) get treated gently. That's good robot behavior! You can also set a delay so that you don't inadvertently slashdot yourself. Heh. linklint is one of a very few perfectI'm reading Watchmen again. I bought a reading copy at Con. Still an amazing read. Bleak. Dark. Moody. Funny. Cynical. But definitely a great story. There used to be talk -- maybe there still is? -- about Terry Gilliam directing a film or TV adaptation of the piece. One rumor I remember reading somewhere was that it might be a mini-series in 12 parts. I remember reading the original comic in 12 individual issues, and they make sense as individual "chunks" - so this might be a good approach. The story is certainly intricate and rich enough to tolerate being that long. One thing that's interesting is that in the 15 years or so since Watchmen was originally published by DC as a comic book, the realm of what's possible in terms of visual effects has expanded immeasurably. The Spider Man trailer certainly proves that point in spades.I'm reading Watchmen again.Yep, Lab time. This one's a simple little idea. Submit a form by selecting a dropdown item with client-side scripting (read: JavaScript).Yep, Lab time.Will played last night at LeStats in Normal Heights. I think Will is maturing as a performer. He seems to have more confidence, and his delivery is better. He still needs to put some sound files up on his site.Will played last night at LeStats in Normal Heights... Can't stop listening to The Mothers of Invention's Oh No Some lyrics:  Oh no I don't believe it You say that you think you know The meaning of love You say love is all we need You say With your love you can change All of the fools All of the hate I think you're probably Out to lunch Oh no I don't believe it You say that you think you know The meaning of love Do you really think it can be told? You say that you really know I think You should check it again How can you say What you believe Will be the key to a World of love?  It's a beautiful, cynical song. Can't stop listening to The Mothers of Invention's Oh No Some lyrics:We're playing with the software from summary.net right now  - it does analysis of web server hit logs It is cool fast. Just crunched the raw numbers (without DNS lookups) for 4.5 gigs ( 6 months worth -- 23,334,050 hits ) of client logfiles in about 13 minutes time. this is on a PIII/Win2k box. Thanks to Dennis W. for pointing this out over on the Web405 list.We're playing with the software from summary...288 Days until US Release of Star Wars: Episode II: Attack of the Clones.288 Days until US Release of Star Wars: Episode II: Attack of the Clones...Lab time! Why the form action mailto: stinks. Includes screengrabs.Lab time! Why the form action mailto: stinks...Clarification: Mark Martin is a cartoonist.Clarification:Over at markmartin.net, I have an entry in his Come Draw With Me section. Just some Photoshop silliness. Mark Martin is a great character.Over at markmartin... Initially this site had a search powered by a script from Matt's Script Archive. Based on the timestamps on files I think I installed it in March of 1999. Last month I replaced it with another service. Problem is, a few weeks later, based on testing it now and again - it didn't work more than it did work. So what's the answer? Google! of course. Google comes around and indexes roughly monthly. What that means is that the blog will not always be instantly searchable. And day-to-day changes will only be searchable with a lag. But Google is good, and predictable. If I can find a PHP solution that's painless I may change again. I learned a great deal on that first perl-based search though. Installing, configuring, testing. Initially this site had a search powered by a script from Matt's Script Archive... If ever there was an example of the problem with Dead Media - ( Bruce Sterling's essay about DM ) - it's this one - where the original Viking data was in a data format which apparently nobody remembers anymore. That's crazy! via Nettime. Archives here. If ever there was an example of the problem with Dead MediaI now have a list of links - not all blogs - on my blog archive page. It's more for my own convenience than anything.I now have a list of links - not all blogs - on my blog archive page...Jenny and I will be moving! Just an FYI. We're moving to North Park - still here in San Diego / CA / USA. So it's the usual - looking for boxes, utilities startup, changes of address. Anybody want to help us move?Jenny and I will be moving! Just an FYI... Now I have a reason to watch the Latin Grammys! Seriously though, the Grammy's are a sham -- as are most awards shows. Now I have a reason to watch the Latin Grammys!Question from Dori. Some possible answers: I enjoy toiling in obscurity. I started blogging too late to be an A-List Blogger. People are not interested in the ramblings of a former Respiratory Therapist. I don't pass along memes like all your base quickly enough. Just spitballing there. Thanks for asking!Question from Dori.My wife has an online diary! voz37.diaryland.com is the address. Somehow, despite being married to me, she has show little serious interest in blogging or keeping a diary - but I think she may be hooked after seeing and enjoying other peoples' journals. Also, after having had no interest in anything to do with code for several years, now she's asking me things like "so how do I make the links blue." And of course I answer that I can think of at least 4 ways to make a link blue. I will try to limit my comments as she is learning to clear and concise, and not go on ranty raves about how she should assure to markup structurally, and style with css. If I can keep my trap shut our marriage should survive her foray into HTML just fine.My wife has an online diary! voz37...Is there an equivalent word to anglophilia for people who love Los Angeles?Is there an equivalent word to anglophilia for people who love Los Angeles? Made an acquisition today -- L.A. Confidential -- [amazon] -- went to Tower Records, didn't have any taste for music, but L.A. Confidential is an amazing movie that never fails to delight. I'm a sucker for all things Los Angeles, and that's a big part of my pleasure at the movie. The meat of the movie is compelling characters - Bud White's obsession with justice and defending women, Jack Vincennes' seeming to be on top of the world, but knowing in his heart he has lost himself; and the do-gooding political animal Ed Exley. I was surprised at how much of what appears in the film has real historical antecedents. One in particular is the LAPD atrocity "Bloody Christmas" - which opens the film - and it based on a real event. Made an acquisition today ... I wrote this to web405 in response to a thread on the job market and resumes, here's a replay, with minor edits: A college degree does not make a person able. And lack of a degree does not make one incapable. If you have "mad skillz" then by all means show them off -- and show what a great person you are to work with. The quality of resumes that I see (yes, sometimes I'm in a position to judge resumes) is generally mediocre - they all look like grocery lists: (ASP Programmer, SQL Server, IIS, SourceSafe, BS in Computer Science, Pound of sugar, Stick of Butter). Doesn't every darn resume book say to use action verbs on resumes to actually try and *communicate* what you do? Like "wrote a kick ass banner management system for dot com which subsequently went belly up." or "Managed team of 15 while fighting off clueless Due Diligence Nazis from our funders" or "fought to put proper software development cycle in place before getting canned." There's a lot of great job experience out there. I think that the resumes people use to display their talents, though, are filtered, deboned, and whitewashed in such a way as to hide the experience and personality of the author. In my opinion, resumes should strike a balance between simple communication and letting some real mojo shine through. I wrote this to web405 in response to a thread...New header for the main artlung.com page! And in glorious bright colors! Old headers here.New header for the main artlung... Up too late again fooling with the blogger template and archives. Trying to tune this up. I've been doing this for seven months. I've decided I enjoy this writing. I think not many people read it, but that's okay - I think of it as a public diary. If you haven't tried it yourself, you really do owe it to yourself to try blogger. Up too late againComparative Anatomy for Server Side Scripting - two small, trivial examples of the same thing, done different ways - in Perl, in Cold Fusion, in PHP, and ASP.Comparative Anatomy for Server Side ScriptingThe Onion - brilliant satire - sometimes gets serious. Here's a great Interview with Berkeley Breathed. At one point I wanted to be a cartoonist, and Breathed is certainly one of my heroes in that area. His insights into how the modern age is scarcely worth satirizing are worth the price of admission, and there's much more. Here's what he has to say about that:: It's like doing a parody of The National Enquirer. Can't be done. We're over-saturated with commentary and with absurdity, and we're numb because of it. Nothing shocks, so what's the fun? And irony, oh, the goddamned irony, that courses through the popular culture like a cancer. If nothing is serious anymore, then there's nothing to satirize. Look at George W. Bush. He knows the game. He knows he's a maroon, as Daffy Duck would say, and refuses to take himself seriously. ... The game's changed forever. Go read it now!The Onion - brilliant satire - sometimes gets serious...I put this in the lab because I don't know where else to put it -- HTML 2.0 - An exploration!. The idea here is an exercise in web authoring, 1996-style. Just some pointers to the original specs, and brief ruminations on how it's a little different.I put this in the lab because I don't know where else to put it ... Some things are worth dying for. I say this as a married, comfortable person who wants to bring children into the world. In the face of oppression, lunacy can indistinguishable from bravery. When people goaded into not speaking their minds in protest out of fear of repression or reprisals by "the authorities" -- one could argue that that is evidence of "oppression." Now, agreement or disagreement with their goals and ideology is a separate issue. My tendency is to be disappointed by two things - the quickness with which police forces resort to violence, and the quickness with which many protesting people resort to violence. I'm further disappointed by the way popular media tend to lump nonviolent protesters with violent ones. In this way all anti-globalization protesters get viewed as violent and "deserve what they get" and indeed, those who would protest abortion here in the US all get branded as people who desire to see Doctors killed. I'm in favor of people getting a hearing for their ideas. So how do those who would protest get smart? They need to organize in such a a way that they can beat the police, and the media, at their own game. Every protester in my mind needs a video camera, and an online journal. Eyes wide open, direct to the world - Media savvy. Documenting abuses by the police in realtime. I truly believe, all evidence to the contrary, that the truth will out. This is my manifesto - for those with real causes -- that is, causes worth fighting for -- media-savvy, nonviolent, hyper-protest. And we have the tools - compact microphones, video cameras, cellphones, the web. So why haven't we seen this on a global scale? I don't know. But the means is available. Think: McLuhan meets Gandhi. Recent thought:Censorship in action: why I don't publish my HDCP results by Niels Ferguson really sickens me. Learn more about why we the people should secure our rights against the DMCA at the EFF web site. This is definitely on the spectrum with the Dmitry case - Read more hereCensorship in action:We are nearly settled, and almost done moving. Even "almost" feels good.We are nearly settled, and almost done moving...Back online at our new home - using Cox@Home now and not RoadRunner.Back online at our new home - using Cox@Home now and not RoadRunner...I think Jenny and I missed The Perseids. We're in the midst of moving. Hard heavy work.I think Jenny and I missed The Perseids...New Lab item. How to make .php files masquerade as .php3. It's a bit of magic which requires the very cool mod_rewrite for apache. Good mod_rewrite tutorials here and here.New Lab item... While situating the new computer room, I find myself compulsively listening to two radio shows online (in RA)-- Air Sculpture pt.1 pt.2, and Anthropology pt.1 pt.2 -- from FZFAN. Frank Zappa's insights into the Award Shows, the Music Business, and MTV are as apropos as ever. He talks specifically about MTV as the point where bands began to be signed for how they look, and not for how they sound. I like where he says that MTV was what the music business deserved. While situating the new computer roomAfter moving, you end up throwing a lot of stuff away. But here are some URLs from business cards and flyers acquired at Comic-Con 2001 -- I must have picked them up for a reason, right? And they are -- BijouCollectables.com | TrendyAnime.com | ImpactGraphicsPosters.com | CoolStuffVideos.com | PosterSuperShop.com. Really though, I intend to sell lots of my comics. It's a down comics market, but I figure some of these someone could get some joy out of, and Jenny and I could certainly use the space.After moving, you end up throwing a lot of stuff away..."Japanese Inbetweeners"

[ This phrase was developed by Chris Greazel ]Phrase of the day:Quote from another panel from Comic-Con 2000: "Are you making a high tech comic book, or a low-tech cartoon?"Quote from another panel from Comic-Con 2000 At at Comic-Con 2000 panel entitled "Online Comics," Kyle Baker's "Letitia Lerner, Superman's Babysitter" was mentioned as a great online comic. Truth of it was, it was simply a comic that DC would not publish, but that leaked onto the net. It has subsequently been published in a collection called Bizarro Comics. You can also find it out there on the web, but the collection is worth the pricey price. Kyle Baker's "Letitia Lerner, Superman's Babysitter"You Are Being Lied To, from KynnYou Are Being Lied To, from KynnPlayed racquetball over the weekend. Man, am I ever out of shape. But it was fun. Need to get a new racquet though - mine is about 10 years old. The newer racquets seem to have grown in a decade. Presumably some change in the rules of racquetball, or something. Anyone want to play some racquetball? I'm out of practice and (very) out of shape. I'm like one of those greyhounds at the dog track. I need an electric rabbit I can chase as motivation. For intellectual things (reading, art, web development) I am self-driven. But for things physical I don't care. Racquetball may serve as electric rabbit for me.Played racquetball over the weekend...Over the weekend I added a new header. Something slightly patriotic for this Month of madness. Old headers here.Over the weekend I added a new header...The original culture jammer: Frank Zappa: On up &amp; away &amp; afar &amp; a go-go Escape from the weight of your corporate logo! The original culture jammer: Frank ZappaKnow what the Reichstag Fire is? You should.Know what the Reichstag Fire is? You should...Why I still love Legos: "So here's the deal: the LEGO Company does not have a problem with people writing their own software and code meant for use with LEGO MINDSTORMS products. In fact, exactly the opposite -- we absolutely love what people have done to extend the possibilities of LEGO MINDSTORMS." Why, that makes me want to go spend lots of money on the Mindstorms Product!Why I still love Legos:"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."-- Ben Franklin, 1784"They that can give up essential liberty..."Ben Curtis has posted a great debunking message about many of the post September 11th memes, messages, and FWD's that have been making the rounds. Bookmark the URL and the next time you get Nostradamus crap send them to it.Ben Curtis has posted a great debunking messageNote: previous post originally posted to websandiego.org mailing list this morning.Note:24 hours on and there's still no return to normalcy. So much bitter news. Such a horror. The events of yesterday may be the most heavily documented single tragedy in the history. Instantly we have hundreds of people with personal stories, video, and especially the grisly pictures. So much news. The sheer volume of what's out there to look at to read is amazing. First person accounts. Photographs of attack, collapse, aftermath. Emails about those final cell phones. Reports from terrorism experts about our lack of human intelligence about this. Complaints about the shortcomings of security for air travel. Comments from structural engineers about the world trade center. The history of the world trade center. Clipart of the skyline of new york whose profile is forever altered. Calls from religious leaders to show tolerance. Cries for vengeance. Acts of incredible heroism. Words of terrible vitriol. I feel like I've been reading about a 400 page magazine - chock full of data. Hard to turn off the spigot for an information junkie like myself. Here are some urls with links to interesting content: camworld.com..., metafilter.com/, interesting-people.org..., kottke.org..., docsearls.com..., scriptingnews.userland.com..., commons.somewhere.com/rre. And of course news sites: cnn/, guardian.co.uk, bbc.co.uk/, msnbc, npr.org, washingtonpost.com, nytimes.com, signonsandiego.com, latimes.com. And the tragic death of an Akamai co-founder, Daniel Lewin on board Flight 11 gave me an odd twinge of irony. Akamai is a caching outsourcing technology - especially designed to keep up with heavy server loads such as we saw yesterday. Odd sensation to see Akamai urls float into news sites with news about the events yesterday. Kudos to google.com/ , cnn.com/ , paypal.com/ , amazon.com/ , and many other online stalwarts who leapt to action to make news and information available to the public, and provide an outlet for donations. Best wishes to you all, and may we begin to recover. I was going to say that we can return to normal, but we can't. The road ahead is hard. (and as Kelly Abbott says) - Peace.24 hours on and there's still no return to normalcy...Shocking attack this morning in New York and Washington D.C.. My heart goes out to all who lost their lives today. I fear for my nation, and for the world.Shocking attack this morning in New York and Washington D... Additionally, my mother is in town from Virginia. And last week, Jenny's mom was in town from Miami. Additionally, my mother is in town from Virginia...Watched parts 1 and 2 of Band of Brothers [ based on the book of the same name ] last night. My father is in town from Virginia, and he was a veteran of Vietnam and served in the 101st Airborne Division. My father is a history buff, and has read on the history of the 101st extensively. He  has attended some of the reunions of the Screaming Eagle Association. The series is good, and worth a look.Watched parts 1 and 2 of Band of Brothersairshare.org is a collective | co-op | science club experimenting with 802.11b wireless networking. I'm a fan of airport and have for more than a year. Airport is no different than 802.11b, but is easy to install for someone like me. Anyway, on Saturday I hung out while some very cool demonstrations and experiments of technology happened. Free (or cheap) ubiquitous internet is a helluva good thing I think. I'm eager to keep experiment with this stuff - which is cheap, and easy to use. So check out airshare.org and see what's happening here in San Diego.airshare...Great busy weekend. Went to a lovely party @ Kynn and Liz's Place up in Lake Elsinore on Saturday. It's another county over - in Riverside County. Jenny and I had a great time.Great busy weekend...David McLean of evolt.org got something I wrote onto Yahoo! Canada's Quotation of the day -- today.  "So how do those who would protest get smart?  They need to organize in such a way that they can beat the police, and the media, at their own game. Every protester in my mind needs a video camera, and an online journal.  Eyes wide open, direct to the world - Media savvy. Documenting abuses by the police in realtime.  I truly believe, all evidence to the contrary, that the truth will out.  This is my manifesto - for those with real causes (that is, causes worth fighting for) media-savvy, nonviolent, hyper-protest. Think: McLuhan meets Gandhi."  I don't write much about activism, but I believe in justice, and in the ability of people to subvert the status quo by avoiding complacency, and being smarter. We have so many tools available to us, we should use them. If we don't use them for ourselves, they'll end up being used on us.David McLean of evolt... Yesterday was my Paternal Grandfather's birthday. He's a WWII veteran - he was a Chief aboard several ships in the Pacific Fleet. He had joined the navy a few years before the war broke out. Anyway, one story retold last night was that when he visited the Arizona Memorial, he saw a buddy's name -- and was heard to exclaim -- "That guy owes me ten bucks!" He did not deny the story, so I take it to be true. In any case, it's a very funny story, and fits my Grandfather to a T. Yesterday was my Paternal Grandfather's birthday...I've had these Star Wars Songbook songs on my site -- in the smorgasborg --  for a long time. I had always assumed they emerged from the collective unconscious somehow. But the other day I got a nice note from the original author asking me for attribution, and said it would be fine if I left them up. How cool is that? So you should all visit his site -- www.theforce.net/songbook. Nifty!I've had these Star Wars Songbook songs on my site ... Especially Nina Brosh. These Nina Brosh photos sort of remind me of Blade Runner - evoking early 20th Century, but also spun in a peculiar, futuristic manner. Blade Runner is supposedly set in Los Angeles, 2019 So how close are we to the bleak world of Blade Runner? We're in a dystopia already. Just not the one in Blade Runner. Especially Nina Brosh...I hate advertising. One exception are the bus stop posters and magazine ads from bebe. They have a wonderful sense of style. They are featured at bebe advertisements. This site only has a small slice of the advertisements. Perhaps bebe should do a book, or at least show these wonderful ads off on their website. Which ones do I like in particular? Well, how about these three which feature Adriana Lima, Nina Brosh, and Alice Dodd.I hate advertising...Court configuration of Racquetball, from the Official Rules from the USRA. See also the Rules for Everyday Racquetball Play.Court configuration of Racquetball, from the Official Rules from the USRA...Last night I watched the premiere episode of Enterprise - the new series based on the Trek franchise. I'm a fan, and I dug it. My friend Chris and I used to discuss at length things like how warp drive works, and the history of the Trek universe. Chris had a book which was published in the early-to-mid 80's called something like A History of the Future which detailed all this history of the trek universe. Star Trek First Contact handled this early history nicely. I like where this latest series puts us - essentially halfway between now, and the initial Trek series. Whoa. Check this timeline out.Last night I watched the premiere episode of EnterpriseSo I finally bought some new shoes -- athletic shoes (though I'm not athletic) aka tennis shoes (though I play no tennis). They're comfortable. For some reason I'm incapable of buying anything but all white athletic shoes. I look at the colors and they look silly to me. So I went to the local Just for Feet (who apparently own feet.com), made my choice, got in, got out. My bias towards zapatos blancos probably comes out of my medical background - for clinical in Respiratory Therapy school they demanded we have all-white shoes. More professional, I suppose.So I finally bought some new shoesThe web accessibility angle on current events and the media. Some nice quotes from Mr. Kynn as well.The web accessibility angle on current events and the media...Brilliance from the onion. Laughter is important, even when everything seems to be serious.Brilliance from the onion...I did some editing on wikipedia - in the Health Sciences section. I added Respiratory Therapy. My handle there is artlung, of course. The concept of an Open Encyclopedia is pure egalitarian academian utopia, it just might work. It even manages to self-correct. More about it on kuro5hin.org. It's a wonderful example of open source in action.I did some editing on wikipedia - in the Health Sciences section... The Democratic-Communist Relationship, won't stand in the way of the Islamic force. The CIA is looking for you. The KGB is smarter than you think. Brainwash mentalities to control the system. Using TV and movies - religions of course. Yes, the world is headed for destruction. Is it a nuclear war? What are you asking for?Lyric of the day:What a lovely weekend. I'm really liking this playing racquetball thing. And Sunday was a small get together with some friends which rocked hard. We watched "Tin Toy" and "Raising Arizona" -- and Jenny put together an amazing spread. Nice to get our minds around something lite and less heavy for a change. The new apartment is small, but it fits a medium size party pretty well. Looks like it would be hard to have a big blow-out type party.What a lovely weekend...Amazing -- from the Microsoft Frontpage 2002 User Agreement: You may not use the Software in connection with any site that disparages Microsoft, MSN, MSNBC, Expedia or their products of services, infringe any intellectual property or other rights of these parties, violate any state, federal, or international law, or promote racism, hatred or pornography. source: mspur.pdf found via google by way of ev and infoworld.Amazing ... If the intelligence services of the USA were so surprised by the events of 11 September, how can they so quickly draw conclusions about who is responsible? Is this a rush to judgement? No doubt Bin Laden is a bad fellow, but what if we destroy him and his network and are still left with a terrible world security problem?  Reading the link below will make you think. Within minutes, and certainly hours, of the events of Tuesday, our learned intelligence officials began to assure us that Usama Bin Laden is the most likely culprit; but it is wholly unclear as to precisely how this conclusion has emerged, since little or nothing could have been learned in those minutes and hours that was not known before and that could have been examined for veracity. --Benjamin Zycher ;Senior Fellow;Pacific Research Institute for Public Policy ( via IP ) If the intelligence services of the USA were so surprised...Any worthwhile thought I've had about web applications came from exposure to Philip Greenspun. Read this, and then check out his new textbook in progress, and visit his home page.Any worthwhile thought I've had about web applications...Another quote from DC2000: "The user is the content. There is is a total transformation of the user by the interface."Another quote from DC2000Quote from Mark Cuban @ DC2000:

The minute you think you're smart -- you're toast.

Quote from Mark Cuban @ DC2000Quote from a  Digital Coast 2000 panel on Venture Funding: "Have more than a powerpoint and some people -- have an executive summary and a business plan"Quote from a Digital Coast 2000 panel on Venture FundingRe: Blade Runner - one possible for title was Dangerous Days - this I got from the presentation at Comic-Con 2000 given by Paul M. Sammon (author of Future Noir: The Making of Blade Runner.Blade RunnerAn effort to standardize the methods for comics grading: ComicGrader.com Fun Fact: existing comics grading standards (Mint, Near Mint, etc) are derived from the coin collecting market. After all, you don't mint a comic book, you print it. Coins are minted.An effort to standardize the methods for comics grading: ComicGrader...Guide to logical fallacies - because there is much to debate in the world; today and into the future.Guide to logical fallaciesUse Cases - Some Practical Experiences and Lessons Learned with Web Applications looks like a good local meeting. October 15th. I'll be there. Dang, is it really October? Dang.Use CasesSong on the brain: (Nothing But) Flowers by Talking Heads from Naked And as things fell apart Nobody paid much attention A green, exultant, depressing, vaguely threatening, cynical song. Perfect for these times.Song on the brain:In an information war, media can be a partial ally. We need more of this, this works, and tends to make the right kind of friends, and the right kind of enemies. Bombing creates friends and enemies of a different sort.In an information war, media can be a partial ally...Gatos Roboticos!Gatos Roboticos!US Leaflets need better design via rini.org - I think Rini's right, there's bound to be a contract gig there. How can the Taliban and the Afghani people take us seriously when we evidence piss-poor graphic design? Graphic design is communication, and we need to improve ours.US Leaflets need better design via rini...Old Dave Lettermanism: Them bats is smart. They use radar.Old Dave Lettermanism:Dissent and discussion make us great. When America is an uninformed people, it is barely America. Censorship, self-censorship, quasi-censorship -- these all make us dumber, and less able to advise and consent our government to carry out what governments must. WE the people.Dissent and discussion make us great...What now? Some possible answers from Bruce Sterling and others. Worth a serious read.What now? Some possible answers from Bruce Sterling and others...Quote of the Day: I think because I went to a pretty white school, that I really don't look Latin, I don't have dark eyes, I never had dark hair, so I don't think a lot of people put two and two together. But I was always proud of my Latino roots and proud of my Irish roots. I never felt like, 'Oh, I should be white, or all Latin.' I am what I am. - Christina Aguilera, on being Latin Stray thought: Is racism on the spectrum with pride in one's race? It occurs to me that I have a certain degree of pride in my Mexican-American heritage, and of my Scot heritage (just to name two parts of my mestizo/mutt background)-- but what does it really mean? Is having pride in what is basically the genetic "cards you're dealt" just the opposite of something we've just made up? In both instances we ascribe importance to something which in the end does not relate to the content of our character. Human beings are so good at ascribing order to the way things work, when often there is no overarching theme to things - they just are. Race is something with little merit, appears scientific, and gets attention - rather like horoscopes and movie grosses. (yes kids, here at ArtLung.com we are free to find the hidden connections between MLK, Christina Aguilera, and pseudoscience!)Quote of the DayI've aggregated the bebe advertisements I referred to a few weeks back.I've aggregated the bebe advertisements I referred to a few weeks back...New header on the Home Page; old ones here: Nothing like 226 year-old quotes calling for Revolutionary War to make the heart stir. Do not mistake my invoking this quote as support or non-support of war. The colonists debated the question of war for years -- it was a difficult decision. Let's hope the present leaders of the United States use as much intelligence and caution in their strategic decisions -- decisions they take in Our name. The flag I found at the excellent Flags Of The World site. I had no idea that vexillology = the study of flags [dictionary.com] Other choice links: USA Flags; Using the flag for advertising; US Coat of Arms; 51 Star Flag?; The danger of disunity, Don't Tread On Me.New header Quote of the Day from Alex Grey's The Mission of Art: Three things that constantly get people's attention are sex, violence, and humor. The artist who can weave these subjects together creatively is probably assured an audience. Yet artists can become attached to powerful imagery of violence, sexuality, irony, cynicism, anger, and fear as a way of attracting their viewers. Much pulp or romantic fiction and many action and horror films mirror and foster such dystopian attitudes. Art need not serve only the confused desires and pathologies of the ego. Art can serve and reflect the condition of the human soul, which includes but transcends pathologies. Quote of the DayGreat lunch at Todai with a bunch of WebSanDiegans. Good to break bread with colleagues. Human contact is crucial these days.Great lunch at Todai with a bunch of WebSanDiegans...Forever war.Forever war...My comments on the W3C Patent Policy. As usual, I wait until the last minute.My comments on the W3C Patent Policy...(From the "I wish this was not on my mind" department) Some useful information on Airborne Anthrax: Centers for Disease Control & Prevention - Public Health Emergency Preparedness and Response; American Medican Association - Disaster Preparedness and Medical Response; Officials: Tests Show Presence Of Anthrax In Second Florida Man And At Newspaper Building (via the AP);  JAMA Consensus Statement: Anthrax as a Biological Weapon Medical and Public Health Management (from May 1999, it's excellent and runs down the issues); AMA Statement to Physicians on Anthrax; Further articles from JAMA. Personal comment: This makes me wonder if my skills as a Respiratory Therapist will be needed in the event of a mass casualty situation. I think though, that aerosol deposition is hard to do and hard to get right. One of the things RTs do is administer medicine in aerosol form. From that I know that to get deposition of drug in the lungs particles in an airborne form it must be carried in aerosol particles of just the right size. I'm not trying to minimize the threat (my sudden, intense need to research this certainly puts me in the "scared witless" category) but I will say that the threat is not on a mass scale, but rather in small outbreaks in small places. Of course, the prediction game is a dodgy one just now. Anyway, read the articles and make your local health care agencies aware of the CDC and JAMA statements.(From the "I wish this was not on my mind" department)CNN has the news that Allied Forces are attacking Afghanistan. Dystopia indeed.CNN has the news that Allied Forces are attacking Afghanistan...Quite a good article by none other than Jenny!Quite a good article by none other than Jenny!About the W3C's New Patent Policy which is getting so much attention these days. I think you're right. At some point several years ago a whole battery of folks were mad enough about the mess of standards support that we formed the Web Standards Project. I think that that kind of grassroots development was something that *was* listened to because dammit, we don't *want* to have to write MS-HTML, Nescape-HTML, Opera-HTML, Whatever-HTML, etc - we'd much prefer for the browser makers to support a core functionality that we can use - and the w3c Recommendations are a great starting point. My hope is, that they will continued to me. In my estimation, companies are free to continue making proprietary extensions to html and css (page transitions, &lt;blink&gt;, &lt;marquee&gt;, scrollbar-face-color, &lt;spacer&gt;, etc), and I'm completely free to ignore them, or use them if see fit. But the web as a platform makes the best sense when there are standards that anyone who wants to play can use somehow. It occurs to me that the W3C has earned a reputation for being the bearer of recommendations that anyone can use, no questions asked. the way I understand it, this policy will open the door for specs which not everyone can use. There are other standards bodies for that, why have the W3C take that on? To take some examples of proprietary formats folks use regularly, but which are not part of the W3C - GIF, Quicktime, RealMedia, Flash, PDF, Windows Media. These are doing fine without the help of the W3C, why open the door. I will admit, that despite having read lots of the discussion here, on w3c.org, in the register, etc, I still don't have a firm grasp on the potential impacts. Given that, my words carry less weight - but I *can* say that if the new change allows for me to one day browse to w3.org and find an interesting new file format or protocol - and I then find that I can't write software that uses it without paying some fee or agreeing to some license agreement which allows some patent holder to *withdraw* the standard at will, I think the w3c will have failed in its' mission to provide a web: "to all people, whatever their hardware, software, network infrastructure, native language, culture, geographical location, or physical or mental ability." If the W3C can reconcile the new policy with this stated goal, then it's win-win for us all. If they cannot, our web, the web of the individual, loses.About the W3C's New Patent Policy which is getting so much attention these days...Brit-Day: Tony Blair on the Taliban: There is no sport allowed, or television or photography. No art or culture is permitted. All other faiths, all other interpretations of Islam are ruthlessly suppressed. Those who practice their faith are imprisoned. Women are treated in a way almost too revolting to be credible. First driven out of university; girls not allowed to go to school; no legal rights;  unable to go out of doors without a man. Those that disobey are stoned. There is now no contact permitted with western agencies, even those delivering food. The people live in abject poverty. It is a regime founded on fear and funded on the drugs trade. Salman Rushdie on Fundamentalists  Such people are against, to offer just a brief list, freedom of speech, a multi-party political system, universal adult suffrage, accountable government, Jews, homosexuals, women's rights, pluralism, secularism, short skirts, dancing, beardlessness, evolution theory, sex. These are tyrants, not Muslims.Brit-Day: New Header! Old ones here. And the world is new again. The Zappa picture I got from St. Alphonzo's Pancake Homepage - and the Aguilera picture is from a still from Nobody wants to be lonely which I found on ChristinaAguilera.to. My picture I took with a cheapo B+W Quickcam. New Header! Old ones here...I used to really love Halloween. I used to love dressing up in costume. But these days I find I'd just rather be me. I suppose that's a function of narcissism - why be someone else when being yourself is so great! Perhaps that's not it. Maybe I'm just a grown up.

I'm 31 years old and have worn many costumes. In the past I have donned the following costumes: Pirate '77ish, Homemade Spaceman '79ish, Hare Krishna '86ish, Hip Devil '84, Pseudo-Frankenstein '85ish, The Joker '91 (I won a prize for that one, green hair, red lips, white face, great costume), Mime '01 (for a costume party this year), Batman '76ish (2 ways - I used to have capes my Grandmother made for me of Batman and Superman, which I would wear when I played - I still have a Batman fetish), Bunny '73-4ish (if I remember the family photos right), Jesus '97ish (I had long hair - for a H'ween costume party - you might also call that "Chubby Jesus").

On looking at that rough accounting of what I have been -- maybe I'm just tired of finding solutions to the costume problem?

Every year Jenny harps on me to find  out what I'm going to be this year, and every year I get sick of her asking, and find the question silly.

I think if I could figure out why I have such trouble figuring out a costume every year I could figure out my procrastination and completion issues. Maybe next year. Heh.It's Halloween...Weapon of choice is a great video, but I kinda wish people knew that Bootsy Collins did the vocals. Maybe there will be a special edition and Bootsy can fly around a bit.Weapon of choice is a great video Hennessey + Ingalls a wonderful Architectural and Art bookstore on the Santa Monica Promenade; Opamp Technical Books - killer technical book selection located in dingy and wonderful Hollywood; Book Soup - nice general interest bookstore on Sunset Boulevard; Midnight Special Bookstore - cool indie bookstore, great selection, on the Santa Monica Promenade. Some of these stores also allow you to buy online. (Forgive me this nostalgic moment)Four excellent bookstores I miss from when I lived in Los Angeles:I am dismayed that this hopeful post was somewhat unfounded. I was hopeful to see the US engaging in a smart PR/information war in the middle east is not succeeding as we might hope.

I wish we were playing our cards better. We suffered a calamitous and vicious attack, at the hands of people who truly seek to take over a huge slice of the world - and we end up characterized as lunkheaded baby-killers.

These times demand a higher standard of conduct for us. I think it's possible to decimate our enemies, re-orient who our friends are, and rejoin the community of nations in a serious way (i.e.: acknowledge the World Court, pay our UN dues, etc). But we're screwing up our opportunity to do so.

Meanwhile, the American people are distracted by anthrax.I am dismayed that this hopeful post was somewhat unfounded...Messing about with a scheme to navigate the headers. Edging towards bits of dhtml in scattered locations. The HTML validates, too. But not the CSS.Messing about with a scheme to navigate the headers...Is this America?Is this America?The surprise for me was the new New Order record -- Get Ready -- listened to it at work and it's nifty! Bit of a time warp to have a new NO record. Their best song is Turn The Heater On - a hauntingly beautiful song in a vast repetoire of haunting and beautiful work. And I'm not even talking about the incomparable depths of beautiful despair that is - Joy Division.The surprise for me was the new New Order record ...Thought of the Day: "When Mohammed Ali, the boxing champ, visited the attack site at the World Trade Center, a reporter asked him, 'How do you feel about the suspected hijackers sharing your faith?'" Yee noted. Ali answered, "How do you feel about Hitler sharing yours?" Source: Seattle Post-IntelligencerThought of the Day:I was right, my skills as an RT may be necessary...

From the AARC:

Biological and Chemical Attacks Resources for Respiratory Therapists:
&gt;Dr. William Bernhard Says RTs Will Play Critical Role in Case of a Bio or Chemical Attack
&gt;Hazmat Expert Advises Fellow RTs on Disaster Readiness
&gt;RT Departments Get Ready for the Worst
&gt;RT Expert Provides Basic Advice on Handling Biological, Chemical Attacks

Looks like I have some studying to do. I think I'll hook up with my local DMAT and see what I can do. Sort of like joining the reserves. The hope I have is that I'll never have to &lt;voice style="Chris Tucker"&gt;ever ever ever&lt;/voice&gt; use my skills again, but the world may not leave me much choice. I must do what I am able. I was right, my skills as an RT may be necessary...
Howard Finster died. A truly interesting character responsible for some great work - for me, as a Talking Heads fan, most notably cover art for Little Creatures and the singles associated with Little Creatures.

Howard Finster died...Too many thoughts right now. Time for a new header. Old ones here.Too many thoughts right now...Hey, I used to work with that guy: Devin! Punk rocker (and shhh... - programmer)Hey, I used to work with that guy: Devin! Punk rocker (and shhh...This is a great post to metafilter on CBS Mystery Theatre. I sure do miss that show. It was a great show when one was on the road. I think as a kid I thought it was the radio version of Twilight Zone - and I guess in a sense it was. Creepy and wondrous - it fired my imagination.This is a great post to metafilter on CBS Mystery Theatre...Mark Martin makes me laugh.Mark Martin makes me laugh...I made updates to the biography last night. It's a work in progress. Trying to communicate a better sense of me. I think the previous version was too clever-clever. All you editors out there feel free to take a read.I made updates to the biography last night... Updated the sidebar list'o-links on the main blog page. New additions, and a very few subtractions. I wonder, are people reading on the ArtLung.com home page or on the blog page itself. Which is preferable? Updated the sidebar list'o-links on the main blog page...Via

We're all those things right now that you're not supposed to be. Our management always goes crazy, 'cause we all tell how old we are, and we're not ashamed of the fact that some of us are in our mid- to late-30s. The L.A. Times did an article on us, and our management almost fainted because we said our real ages. I said, 'No, you don't understand.' We think we're the real punk rock, because we think it's punk rock to say, 'Yeah, I am older than all of you guys, and that's why we're better than you. We're older, we're weirder and we're far more jaded than any of you Gen X people could possibly imagine. We're jaded 'cause we know and remember good music.' I think you've just got to admit what you are and just go with it.

- Stew of The Negro Problem

That's how I feel!Quote of the Day:Night of the Living Baseheads by Public EnemySong of the Day:From the land of Microsoft: Passport hacked Microsoft Passport Protects Consumer Privacy Heh. Idiots.From the land of Microsoft:Time to get creative about dealing with popunders?
We all know about those crazy popunder ads which are more ubiquitous than ever- but Bill Rini of rini.org has some interesting thoughts on what we might do about them. I like this kind of brainstorming about a phenomenon that remains annoying as hell.

cross-posted to metafilter yesterdayTime to get creative about dealing with popunders?Jack Cole and Plastic Man: Forms Stretched To Their Limits [ buy it ] has been my bathroom reading for the past week. I finally finished it. I'm left with an impression about Jack Cole - comic artist - creator of Plastic Man, illustrator for Playboy Magazine - that he was an interesting character in his own right. Makes me want to see more of his work. His work spans gritty realism, fanciful mania, and for Playboy, delightful cheesecake. The book is shorter than it should have been because of Cole's suicide at the age of 43.Jack Cole and Plastic ManChina to put a man on the moon by 2005

China on the moon definitely fits in with the New Bizarre World Order.From the News I Would Not Have ExpectedCouldn't have said it better myself

( happy belated thanksgiving )Couldn't have said it better myselfHis grasp of spin is chilling . . .

This is a great propaganda film - the kind that you can't get out of your head. Bin Laden's story of Muslim subjugation turning to resistance is so effective that I barely need my transcripts. He uses the most sophisticated western film-making techniques: it's as if Guy Ritchie, Sylvester Stallone and Spielberg have banded together to make jihad, the movie.


More evidence of the role propaganda has played in building and fostering terrorist groups...Zoe Mozert is so cool. It irritates me that there is not a collection of just her work. She certainly seems to have enough pieces to warrant a book. I would also be interested to know more about her background, and her experiences as a female pinup artist. I also think her signature is cool. This is probably my favorite of the pieces I have seen online:

Zoe Mozert is so cool...See Clinton Speaks, Pundits Spin: The Washington Times and the Spread of a Media Myth

The upside of rapid communications is that it so rapid. The downside is that it's so rapid it discourages good fact-checking, which tends to produce "news" which misrepresents what was said, leading to faulty conclusions about what it means. Several of the folks who got it wrong retracted, but not all. Kudos to those who retracted they're their misrepresentations. Giant raspberries to the rest.

(Update: the struck text above is because I made an error)How the lie about what Clinton said spreadKynn is looking for work. And dig that patriotic stylesheet!Kynn is looking for work...webdesign-l is a wonderful list, and has a great diversity of web literati on it. Sadly, the value proposition has changed, and I'm getting out for awhile. Mailing lists are such fragile clouds of activity. Leaving them always feels like that feeling of having a bar or restaurant you like go out of business. The good thing about lists is that they can turn on a dime.webdesign-l is a wonderful list, and has a great diversity of web literati on it...Proponents of Bush's kangaroo court say: Don't you soft-on-terror, due-process types know there's a war on? Have you forgotten our 5,000 civilian dead? In an emergency like this, aren't extraordinary security measures needed to save citizens' lives? If we step on a few toes, we can apologize to the civil libertarians later.

Those are the arguments of the phony-tough. At a time when even liberals are debating the ethics of torture of suspects -- weighing the distaste for barbarism against the need to save innocent lives -- it's time for conservative iconoclasts and card-carrying hard-liners to stand up for American values.



- Bill Safire on common dreams.orgQuote of the day:Having OS X on a box here means I can add some new dialogues to my collection of why email submission of forms stinks.Having OS X on a box here means...New header for the home page and the blog. Noodling in Photoshop is fun!New header for the home page and the blog...This cartoon on Salon sums up image problem of the USA.

[ via robotwisdom ]This cartoon on Salon sums up image problem of the USA...I have 96 megabytes of memory in my Apple PowerMac 8500 -- I think I'm gonna upgrade the memory. Here are the obtuse instructions for the obtuse process of installing memory on that beast.I have 96 megabytes of memory in my Apple PowerMac 8500 ...Item in the New York Times: As U.N. Meets, bin Laden Tape Sets Off Alarms. This is a good note. Lots of news out there, but this one should raise some alarm bells. The take-home message for me is:

Osama Bin Laden has read his Sun Tzu
He is cultivating his friends and his enemies with great care. He seeks to eliminate any means to rally global sentiment against him. He seeks to end the UN because it has the capability to act against him. The UN was to be the successor - the successful successor to the original League of Nations, which failed to prevent the Second World War.

Osama Bin Laden and his group effectively read and use the media
From the way he manages to get his message out, to his awareness of the news on CNN, Al Jazeera, and how he uses that to craft his message he is a madman who uses the media with as much savvy as any Hollywood PR man. We must understand what he's doing, and as I have said before, we must play that game as well.

It is not enough to have justice and right on your side, you must also be able to communicate that fact. Can we do it?

Related posts on this theme: msnbc in arabic, us leaflets need better designItem in the New York Times: As U...The Creative Priority is my current side reading. It's about the essential paradox of doing great work - you must reconcile disparate forces and harness the tension of craftspeople from different disciplines - and also get people to think beyond their narrow job scope. Hirshberg applied this principle at Nissan, but the same rules apply to web development - to the business end, to the programming end, to the artistic design end (and everything in-between). George Olsen once characterized (or maybe caricatured) these forces as suit, geek, and ponytail. Creative friction is also what makes for great community. I'm only 1/3rd of the way through - so maybe I'll have different opinions later.The Creative Priority is my current side reading...Still fooling with OSX. Keeping me busy. Hopefully I'll have some new lab entries as a result of all this playing.Still fooling with OSX...I installed MacOS X on our iBook this weekend. Got apache and mysql installed and running. Much adventure as I explore the new operating system.Installled MacOS X on our iBook this weekend... Note to self: ImageGIF (and all related GIF functions) are not supported by pair Network's php installation. It used to, but not anymore. It's UNISYS' fault. I'd burn all GIFs but it's such a handy format. *heavy heavy sigh* Note to self:My rotating playlist the other day was:

He Loves U Not (Club Mix) by Dream; Crystal by New Order; God's Child by David Byrne and Selena; Doowutchalyke by Digital Underground; Lady Marmalade (Thunderpuss Radio Mix) by Christina Aguilera, Mya, Pink, Lil'Kim, Missy Eliot; Wonderful Wino by Frank Zappa (from: The Lost Episodes); Bamboozled by Love by Frank Zappa (from: Tinseltown Rebellion).

I got a lot of work done. I think for coding, sometimes a repetitive groove works very well. I remember writing many term papers in RT School while playing They Might Be Giants "Flood" again and again.Eat my eclecticism:I have fought since the beginning of the Web for its openness: that anyone can read Web pages with any software running on any hardware. This is what makes the Web itself. This is the environment into which so many people have invested so much energy and creativity. When I see any Web site claim to be only readable using particular hardware or software, I cringe - they are pining for the bad old days when each piece of information needed a different program to access it.

(source) - Tim Berners Lee, Inventor of the Web [via zeldman]Quote of the Day:Folks out of work in tech here in San Diego should check out the Layoff Lounge, which happens next week.Folks out of work in tech here in San Diego...Frank and David: I love those guys.Frank and David: I love those guys...This picture captures the spirit of my workplace pretty well. Cute as hell.This picture captures the spirit of my workplace pretty well...I'm in love with this girl. I don't think I remind her of that enough.I'm in love with this girl...Let's all play Spot the Mac on microsoft.com !!!Let's all play Spot the Mac on microsoft...seen in an email posting: Shalom, Salaam, Peace (nice combo platter)seen in an email posting: Shalom, Salaam, Peace (nice combo platter) I've got Bruce Sterling on the Brain -- here's some big excerpts from CATSCAN 12:  "Return to the Rue Jules Verne" These are the people who invented "la vie de Boheme." They invented the lifestyle of the urban middle-class dropout art-gypsy.  They invented its terminology and its tactics.  They brought us the "succes de scandale," the now time-honored tactic of shocking one's audience all the way to the bank.  And the "succes d'estime," the edgy and hazardous life of the critics' darling.  The doctrine of art for art's sake was theirs too (thank you, Theophile Gautier).   And the ever-helpful notion of  *epater les bourgeoisie,*  an act of consummately modern rebellion which is nevertheless impossible without a bourgeoisie to epater, an act which the bourgeoisie itself has lavishly financed for decades in our culture's premiere example of Aldissian enantiodromia -- the transformation of things into their opposites. ... The Paris Bohemians were the first genuine industrial-scale counterculture.  This was the culture that created Jules Verne.  It deserves a great deal of the credit or blame for origination of the genres of horror, fantasy, and science fiction.  It has a legitimate claim on our attention and our loyalties. ... Professor Seigel's book is especially useful for its thumbnail summary of what might be called the Ten Warning Signs of Bohemianism.  According to Seigel, these are: 1. Odd dress. 2. Long hair. 3. Living for the moment. 4. Sexual freedom. 5. Having no stable residence. 6. Radical political enthusiasms. 7. Drink. 8. Drugs. 9. Irregular work patterns. 10. Addiction to nightlife. ... In reality, these Ten Warning Signs are every bit as old as industrial society.  Slackers, punks, hippies, beatniks, hepcats, Dead End kids, flappers, jazz babies, fin-de-siecle aesthetes, pre-Raphaelites, Bohemians -- this stuff is *old.*  People were living a vividly countercultural life in Bohemian Paris when the house in which I'm writing these words was a stomping ground for enormous herds of bison. I've got Bruce Sterling on the Brain ...a new header! ... time for bed.a new header! ...NP: Andy by Frank Zappa.

Gratuitous Zappa links: zappa.com,  St. Alphonzo's Pancake Homepage Note: I'm posting this to my blogger account of course also posting this to my livejournal. I doubt I'll maintain my livejournal though - but LiveJournal is a very interesting community in its own right - much more of a community than blogger - but blogger seems to be more flexible in how you can use the output of the tool. I could be wrong though, I have only a superficial understanding of LJ at the moment.I can't believe how therapuetic it is to listen to Frank Zappa right now...Is it good, or bad to be the number 3 most highly rated link for a search of batman fetish on google?Is it good, or bad to be the number 3 most highly rated link for a search of batman fetish on google?Latin mass in San Diego. That's interesting.Latin mass in San Diego...Tori Duff's online class How To Write A Killer Business Plan looks really cool. And only 10 bucks! Ms. Duff is like, a real businessperson, has heavy investment and finance industry experience, and gets the online world in a big way. Highly Recommended.Tori Duff's online class How To Write A Killer Business Plan looks really cool...Bruce Sterling is blogging! Super-duper-cool!Bruce Sterling is blogging! Super-duper-cool!The most powerful image in Heroes a tribute and benefit from Comics artists to the heroes of 9/11/2001 is by Igor Kordey and Chris Chuckry. I think Kordey put down the ink, and Chuckry the color.  It's a powerful image - a POV of the terrorists -- seeing the determined, but scared passengers moving to challenge men with icepicks and boxcutters. I think it's more striking than the images of firefighters, police, medical personnel - because we have so many images of them in real life.

It's worth visiting a Comic Book shop for. At $3.50, the price is reasonable, and it's a good cause.The most powerful image in Heroes a tribute and benefitOn siliconvalley.com, there is a nice mention of evolt.org's browser archive at browsers.evolt.org.On siliconvalley...Bruce Sterling with a brilliant speech on Geeks and SpooksBruce Sterling with a brilliant speech on Geeks and SpooksThis book looks important and after even just a few pages, it rings quite true: Networks and Netwars: The Future of Terror, Crime, and MilitancyExcerpt:The information revolution is altering the nature of conflict across the spectrum. We call attention to two developments in particular. First, this revolution is favoring and strengthening network forms of organization, often giving them an advantage over hierarchical forms. The rise of networks means that power is migrating to nonstate actors, because they are able to organize into sprawling multiorganizational networks (especially "all-channel" networks, in which every node is connected to every other node) more readily than can traditional, hierarchical, state actors. This means that conflicts may increasingly be waged by "networks," perhaps more than by "hierarchies." It also means that whoever masters the network form stands to gain the advantage.This book looks important and after even just a few pages...Jennifer is justifiably terrified of Robo Baby. Robo Baby  is the  interactive baby that will crawl her way into your heart. Robo Baby is made by Tiger Toys which is owned by Hasbro.Jennifer is justifiably terrified of Robo Baby...words for the day: shenanigans, folderal, hijinks.words for the day: Another steller morning playing racquetball. I can definitely feel myself getting better. My patience with the game (knowing when to be aggressive and when to dial back and just volley) is greater. One thing I do know - killshots are satisfying, but not as much fun as a nice rally. What else am I up to today? Well, I spent about 45 minutes using tweezers pulling bits of grass and brush out of my favorite green wool sweater. I made the mistake of wearing it when we went out to the Laguna Mountains to watch the meteor showers a few weeks ago. I got quite a bit of the woods caught in the wool and there was no simple way to get it out. I tried Jenny's lintroller and that brush just laughed at me. Thus, the tweezers. I can't think of a single thing you have to use tweezers for that is a good thing. I remember when I used to work in the ER little kids would sometimes get cockroaches caught in their ear and they had to go in there and get it out, which is a tricky operation, because when you have a damn cockroach in your ear, you sure as heck don't want to stay still. What was I talking about? Oh yes, some things are difficult work, and can only be done with patience and special tools. Another steller morning playing racquetball...This appears to be my earliest usenet post. From February, 1996This appears to be my earliest usenet post...Incidentally - still coughing - nose running - miserable sick. Could be worse, but could be much better too.Incidentally - still coughing - nose running - miserable sick...A native version of the AOL client for Mac OS X has been released. I also notice on that page that there are different installers for Windows XP vs. Windows 2000. That's sort of interesting. Anyway, installed the new AOL client on the iBook here which has OSX on it. Why, you ask? Jenny uses AOL as her primary email, I use it as a tertiary email. Seems no different from the OS8/9 version, but it's slightly smoother as far as UI goes.A native version of the AOL client for Mac OS X has been released...rudy turned me on to this dispatch from Craig Saila about how the events of September 11th have brought out an ugly side to some blogs. I myself stopped reading one or two blogs which were formerly filled with tastilicious nuggets of useful information, and have subsequently turned into piles of steaming vitriol. I still check back, but all I find there is spin, spin, spin. Hell, If I want spin I'll turn on TV news or any of hundreds of radio shows.rudy turned me on to this dispatch from Craig Saila...Fun fact: Email is 30 years oldFun fact: Email is 30 years oldFunny, via Dave Farber's Interesting-People list: Capitalism - You have two cows. - You sell one and buy a bull. - Your herd multiplies, and the economy grows. - You sell them and retire on the income. Enron Venture Capitalism - You have two cows. - You sell three of them to your publicly listed company, using letters of credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a debt/equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all four cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows. The milk rights of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Island company secretly owned by the majority shareholder who sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company. The Annual report says the company owns eight cows, with an option on one more. - No Balance Sheet provided with the release.Funny...From October: Spice Girls: Exactly the Reason Why Bin Laden Hates the WestFrom October: Spice Girls: Exactly the Reason Why Bin Laden Hates the WestMore from September - photographs from around the world in response to the attacks: a heartfelt thank youMore from September...A nice piece by Charles Platt from September: The Enduring Power of StupidityA nice piece by Charles Platt from September: The Enduring Power of StupidityI hate being sick.I hate being sick...I used to love making mix tapes. From USA Today, an article about the history of, and decline of cassettes. I suppose CD burners will take over, but cassettes are a pretty robust technology. CDs certainly have not proven as resilient as they were promised - they skip, they go bad. I guess none of the major music technologies are that great. What I'm waiting for is the ability to go down to the swap meet and buy everything that would be in the local Tower Records - on something the size of a single hard drive. In a Bruce Sterling novel people talk about having a copies of the Library of Congress -- well, I want a copy of Tower Records!I used to love making mix tapes... Something on the Anthrax Investigation from the Baltimore Sun: "We've been reading about how thorough the Department of Justice is," said James R.E. Smith, who made anthrax and other bioweapons at Detrick and other Army facilities from 1943 to 1971. "That's a bunch of nonsense. They haven't investigated me." Smith, 84, now retired in Port Charlotte, Fla., said, "I've got the education to do it. I live alone. I've got two baths, so I could use one as a lab. I want to be examined as a potential terrorist." He added, more seriously, that he is alarmed about the quality of the investigation because it has not scrutinized people like him: "Part of being thorough is talking to people who are knowledgeable about anthrax." Something on the Anthrax Investigation from the Baltimore Sun: a tip from this month's printed version of Macworld: an even briefer google - brief search page, brief results page: check it out: www.google.com/ie a tip from this month's printed version of Macworld:I'm sick. This morning I put in a lackluster performance of racquetball. Once home, I napped for about 5 hours. Everything behind my nose feels like it's filled with silly putty. Jenny rented several movies the other day, one of which was the new Planet of the Apes. It did not make me well.  What the heck happened to Tim Burton. He did a nice job with Batman, and of course Pee Wee's Big Adventure. And I've always been a fan of animation, so I remember seeing Frankenweenie for the first time vividly. So why the recent lameness in his work? Has he gotten soft? What happened to the brilliance he showed in Ed Wood? The larger question is this -- why remake movies which had real vision? The original Planet of the Apes may be an old movie, but it was a solidly made one. Why re-envision it? Thinking of the movie business as not making any sense is not a particularly original idea, I suppose.I'm sick...Yes, I remember the original Dark Knight Returns - I started reading it when I was in driving school. That was more than a decade ago. That comic changed my life, restored my appreciation for comics. These breathless fanboy reviews make me want to run out and get Dark Knight Strikes Back. I think the bias out there is still against taking the form of comics seriously as an artform. That's a mistake. There's some good work being done in the medium. It's not all men in tights.Yes...I blogged about an image whose subject was the airliner uprising on September 11th - and that I think it had emotional heft because that incident is something we don't have pictures of.

Looks like Neil Young has written a song about it called "Let's Roll" -- and I really want to listen to it. Anyone have a copy? I should check Neil Young sites -- and I suppose it's time to look at P2P clients again for when there's stuff like this.I blogged about an image... I've been running Painter 3 since 1996. Never upgraded, didn't use it much. However, through the magic of ebay I have obtained version 5 of the program (wahoo!) and now the program is stable (I used to crash after about 15 minutes of doing anything), and doesn't look like a program designed for MacOS System 7 (lots of plain black and white interfaces). I'm pleased as punch. And to honor this - here's a new header for the home page. I played with the natural media tools in Painter - calligraphy pens, water, airbrush, and so much more. The most current version may be 7 and be owned by Corel- but the leap from 3 to 5 makes me terribly happy. Why does software cost so much? And when did I become so cost conscious about software? I guess it's also that I always viewed Painter as a frivolity. It's not strictly necessary for me to have it to do web work, so why spend hundreds to keep it upgraded? I see software like games or "fun stuf" as an extravagance. And I suppose I see letting loose my artistic tendencies as an extravangance. Maybe I should start seeing that part of me not as an "extra" - but rather as part of my "core." I've been running Painter 3 since 1996... Making massive changes on artlung.com to the home page. The blog has gotten too important to cram on the home page. and the home page is too bloated anyway. Given the size of this site, something must be done. It's time for a change. In the meantime, what are those cheesy signs? Pardon our dust!ArtLung Urban Sprawl!thesis | antithesis - via an email from jennythesis | antithesisA petition to get Cold Fusion ported to MacOS X. Interesting, and not a bad idea. Cold Fusion is a fun web development platform, but also very capable. It's newbie friendly. In that sense, it's close to MacOS X in spirit -- making great power accessible.A petition to get Cold Fusion ported to MacOS X...Yo! about this ... check it! Dori Smith has my back!

Check out dis and dat to see how when it's right, she breaks with the artlung shout outs!

(No, I don't know why this post sounds like I'm a rapper. It is Friday though).

Werd. Thanks Dori!Yo! about this ...In case you came here looking for a reference to netflix based on this, well, I like looking at peoples' robots.txt files. Truth be told, I learn a great deal by looking at how sites do their thing. I remember visiting amazon a long time ago and seeing how they generate extra url stuff and wondering what it was. I distinctly remember opening and closing browsers to see how I could mess with it and see if I could fool it. I also love tweaking url strings to see if sites still work when the urls are messed with. As you see what happens as you add and remove elements you get a sense for what's happening "under the hood." I suppose my behavior is an amplified version of a a monkey with a twig poking at anthills.In case you came here looking for a reference to netflix based on this... From O'ReillyNet: A Primer for Accessible Web Pages. Quasi-related news item: Kynn's still looking for work. From O'ReillyNet: A Primer for Accessible Web Pages...View From The Heart is an impressive blog. The fellow behind it is a veteran critical care nurse. I used to work closely with folks just like this. Savvy, articulate, and experienced. He's just the kind of nurse it was a pleasure to work with. He's been blogging for a long time now - and a google search finds references to "Respiratory Therapists" , "RTs" and "Respiratory Terrorists." Which used to be a kind of compliment. RT-ing is a bit of a cowboy profession. I know I always felt like a gunslinger with my oxygen wrench, connectors and adaptors of various kinds, nasal cannulae, ET tube tape, screwdrivers, what have you. I know I was always ready for a crisis working 7p-7a nights. Anything can happen on the night shift, and it usually did. These two stories in particular moved me. I'll be checking vfth.com again. How'd I find it? A casual mention on backupbrainView From The Heart is an impressive blog... We Didn't Mess Up, They Did Canada has put its house in order. It's time to ask the U.S. hard questions about how Sept. 11 was allowed to happen is a difficult article from Lawrence Martin of Canada's Globe and Mail. It contains fair questions about why some CIA and FBI asses haven't been fired with regards to the glaring intelligence failures of September 11th. An excerpt: I had in mind a statement from Wesley Wark, one of Canada's foremost intelligence experts and a consultant to the Privy Council on such matters. "What is happening in the United States took me by surprise," he said. "I anticipated that in the aftermath of Sept. 11, there would be an enormous hue and cry to find out what went wrong. There has been no hue and cry in the United States. No recriminations, nothing even similar to what happened after Pearl Harbor in 1941.... The United States has drawn a veil of silence over the issue of intelligence failure." Damn Hard, But Damn Fair Questions Are In OrderDylan Foley has thorough considerations of the Web Standards Project and the recent activity on that site. He apologizes to me for stating that of the members of the WSP nobody had mentioned the recent events. No harm no foul Dylan. As far as anyone on that list having anything to do with WSP decisions, I've no idea. Jeff Zeldman appears to be going it alone. That's his perogative as the current Group Leader. I do have one correction though -- Dylan states "since it's inception, he has been the public face of the WaSP and it's Group Leader" -- which is incorrect.  George Olsen did the heavy lifting as the Leader who got WSP off the ground those years ago. There have been some mishaps for WebStandards.org over the years - the initial signup-for-support database was lost if I remember correctly - and various discussion lists which were once vital are nowhere to be found on the site. I think that there's still a role for an advocacy organization to champion Jane Q. Developer. Luckily, WSP is only hibernating -- it's not dead.Dylan Foley has thorough considerations of the Web Standards Project... I bought a lovely Christmas Tree on the way home from work today. I've prowled the streets in the past week, looking for trees at several places around town. Drugstores with trees out front, grocery stores with a few possibles - but precious few Christmas Tree Lots. At Mission Valley Mall they have a mega-plex of trees and poinsettias and wreaths -- great selection -- huge prices. But the hunt paid off today - picked up a nice specimen for 32 bucks. Even got to tie it to the top of my old Corolla. Had he been there, my Grandfather would have been proud: the tree didn't budge on the 5 mile drive home. Add to that, Jenny likes it, so I'll count the mission as a success. Thank you, and good night. I bought a lovely Christmas Tree on the way home from work today...more new lab items: onunload + window.open = evil and Preventing Browser Cachemore new lab items: onunload + window... I dig getting feedback like this: someone called "steve" said:  i found the exact code i needed from one of your examples, thanks!!!!  my deadline is still intact.didn't leave an email address or last name, but I don't mind. It's nice to get positive feedback. I dig getting feedback like this: someone called "steve" said:This made me laugh, despite my better judgement:  Telemarketers vs. the Taliban @ ifilmThis made me laugh, despite my better judgement:I got a really interesting email, well, a FWD from a dear friend - stating that the 12 Days of Christmas song lyrics are actually secret code designed to help kids remember the tenets of Christianity. As with all forwarded material whose content is really interesting, I wondered if it were so. Could it be true? After some research, I found a thorough examination of the claim: Urban Legends Reference Pages: Christmas (The Twelve Days of Christmas). Judge for yourself. Warning: There's a MIDI file on that page.I got a really interesting email... Stray Thought:Songs featuring California Towns would make a good mix tape: Riverside / Beat Farmers Village of the Sun / Frank Zappa Streets of Bakersfield / Dwight Yoakam Screenwriter's Blues / Soul Coughing Surfin' USA / The Beach Boys San Diego Serenade / Tom Waits Santa Monica / Everclear San Berd'ino / Frank Zappa Stray Thought:Charles points to an article where asking for stamps without flags gets people questioned by the police. Characterizing this response to a postal transaction as "overreacting" seems like an understatement. Are terrorists loudly proclaiming themselves by showing anti-Americanism? Isn't the very fact that the terrorists remained undetected an indication that they don't call attention to themselves?Charles points to an article where asking for stamps without flags...New Lab Items: How to Encode URLs; An ASCII to URLEncoded JavaScript and Checkbox Validator.New Lab Items:New Words: I am a Frank Zappa Fan. I got this cool little FZ icon from rudy, and I had to use it somewhere. for geeks: it's valid xhtml and CSSNew Words: I am a Frank Zappa Fan... Do I have the the earliest mention of the Web Standards Project on usenet? I ask only because the Google usenet archive is current news right now. And another piece of current news is that the Web Standards Project is going on hiatus. I think WSP pushed for good things from Netscape and Microsoft. I had a part in writing the mission statement. I've had that early email of the alpha version of the mission statement on my site for a while. It evolved with the work of many more articulate than I into a fine mission statement. I wish that the [stds] mailing list archive were online. I'd like to be able to see those first discussions again -- that vital energy was infectious, and empowering. We felt like we could take on the world! Or at least change the software development directions of two multimillion dollar companies. In the end, I don't know how much effect WSP had. But it remains as it has been in my Fellow Founding Member biography: I am "proud to be involved, even cursorily, with something as worthwhile as the WaSP.Whither WaSP?A nice article from Digital Divide Network: Q&amp;A: The Internet and People with Disablities Part I and Part II Got this at work via Ingrid - who should start keeping a journal!A nice article from Digital Divide Network:Sometimes, even when you're sick, you have to enter a viridian design contest. In this one, we rethink the Enron corporate logo.Sometimes...Shirley E. Kaiser of SKDesigns has an great online column / blog called Brainstorms &amp; Raves on all things web and design -- and hey, it's got great tips and links - check this link about the doubling of the use of Opera. Nice nice nice. And aw shucks, her site links to me!Shirley E...Other old stuff from Google Groups: * The first time I heard of Jakob Nielsen (1997) * My first internet posted resum&eacute; (1997)Other old stuff from Google Groups: I don't like Year-In-Review / Top 10 of 2001 / A Look Back at 2001 pieces in any media.  Why aren't there pieces on "the last 7 years in music" or "15 years in journalism." Longer time spans would help us learn more about larger trends. We might even gain a better sense of time. If we're looking back 12 months, how will we, particularly the young, get a sense of the past?  I'd be happy with "the last 3 recessions in American history" or "150 years of the history of Afghanistan" or even "the use of electronics in pop music since the 60's." I f I want a high-level view of the past year, I can look at 12 months of magazine covers. However,  I would prefer to learn something about history.But then, few have a gift for putting events and time into perspective. Perhaps the reason we don't see more of what I want is because few can actually do the kind of research and thinking to put them together. Maybe I need to watch C-SPAN more. Booknotes, for example. often has smart people with something to say about history. And why? Because ideally, authors spend time and energy to compile lots of information, and sift through all of it to get a sense of what happened. I'd like more news outlets to act like historians. If they did, perhaps we'd all be better prepared for unexpected events. I don't like Year-In-ReviewGoliath is a neat free webdav client for Macintosh. webdav is neat.Goliath is a neat free webdav client for Macintosh...Thanks to mathowie over on the 405 now I have similar functionality for Windows Internet Explorer users. Since the ArtLungSidebar is mostly for me, that makes me happy! The code is simple: _search=open('http://www.example.dom/sidebar.html','_search') where the first parameter is the URL of whatever you want to cram into the MSIE search pane. I wrapped it in a function for simplicity. Read more about the _search target. Nifty.Thanks to mathowie over on the 405 now I have similar functionality... I added a Netscape 6 Sidebar to the blog. So if you're using Netscape 6 You have faster access to the list'o'links on the blog. The Netscape page on My Sidebar Developer's Guide makes it seem much more complex than it is. At the heart of it all you need to call is a Netscape 6 only function called window.sidebar.addPanel() which takes three string parameters, the first is the name of the page, the second is a URL, and the third is to provide users with a page to customize the tab itself. I'm not using that, so it's blank. I added a Netscape 6 Sidebar to the blog...inspired by a discussion on the WebSanDiego.org list: my favorite html tags are &lt;strike&gt;[+] and &lt;nobr&gt;[+]inspired by a discussion on the WebSanDiego... Mini Brain Dump! wherein, I get rid of links which are crowding the sticky notes on my desktop A Few Links on Professionalism: Tom DeMarco: Professional Awareness in Software Engineering American Society of Safety Engineers: Scope of a Safety Professional Steve McConnell: Software Engineering Professionalism Website Philip Greenspun: Redefining Professionalism for Software Engineers  A Few Links on Micropayments: Clay Shirky: The Case Against Micropayments Jakob Nielsen: The Case for Micropayments The w3c: Micropayments Overview Scott McCloud: Coins of the Realm II Jakob Nielsen v. Seth Godin in Business2.0: Micropayments Debate The Industry Standard: Web Publishers Learn to Love Micropayments The Industry Standard: Amazon's 'Honor System' to Handle Micropayments for Other Sites NYT: If You Like This Story, Click Here to Pay Me Current King of Small Transactions: PayPal A Few Krazy Kat Links: Krazy Kat: The Coconino County Home Page "Some Say it With A Brick": George Herriman's Krazy Kat A Krazy Kat Strip Archive Mini Brain Dump!More reorganizations taking place. I'm moving the mountains of content I have around into more logical places. One thing that's being established is a words area, for pieces which are not journal items, not portfolio items, and stand on their own in some way. I'm exhuming some old mailing list posts for this area. I've been a very busy person on mailing lists since 1997 or so, and it's about time I start to see if some of it needs a web home. First up: What is a Web Integrator?, from 1998. I also moved the WebStandards.org Alpha Baseline Proposal to prominence. In other "moving the deck chairs" news, I've moved my old sig files. Under the hood, I'm unifying navigation and site programming everywhere I can. According to automated checks with linklint I've done I have roughly 700 files and 3500 links on artlung.com. I've made it a goal to make managing the site as simple and painless as possible for me. Additionally, I want the site to be friendly to visit for web crawlers, visitors, family, friends, and avoid linkrot. And now, bedtime.More reorganizations taking place...New lab item: Batch File Rename By File Extension in Unix. (Not really new, but moved from the smorgasborg)New lab item: Batch File Rename By File Extension in Unix...I have added a colophon to the site.I have added a colophon to the site... If you're a geek, you know very well how distinctive O'Reilly's book covers are. Now you can customize one for yourself! Hours of fun for the whole geek family. If you're a geek...Played Cutthroat with two of my aunts tonight. Cutthroat = Racquetball with 3 players. Heckuva workout. I am definitely getting in better shape. Granted, I'm not in good shape yet. But I am in better shape. My shape has been a difficult issue my whole life. I'm overweight. Ideally I can integrate behaviors into my life which help the issue in a painless manner.Played Cutthroat with two of my aunts tonight...I want it on the record that I won the soundtrack to the Royal Tenenbaums's being referenced here. I won for shouting "Dignan" in response to the cheesy DJ's trivia question. Dignan is the funnest character from Bottle Rocket. Jenny and I are on a good streak this month. Jenny won the tickets to the sneak-preview screening. Let's hope the trend continues!I want it on the record that I wonGreat interview with Elinor Burkett, [ link via robotwisdom ] A quote: In the end, those kids at Columbine committed suicide. And maybe the question should not just be, Why did those kids want to kill everybody else? The question should be, Why did they want to die? Those were some pretty unhappy kids. But you're not allowed to be unhappy in high school. If you're not with the program, they send you to therapy, they medicate you out of it. They don't leave you any room to just be a surly teenager. I am thankful as hell that I was allowed to be a surly, quasi-happy teen. I was a mess, but I was never forced to put on a happy face. I was always told that life is hard. It's normal and usual to have a stressful time as a human being. It's reassuring in a way that you can depend on life being hard. Another Planet: A Year in the Life of a Suburban High School looks worth a read.Great interview with Elinor BurkettI like this line very much, from Doc: ... you'd think that Linux was failing on the desktop. It's not, any more than, say, Saab is failing on the highway...I like this line very much... I missed Christina's BirthdayQu horror!Whoa. Great Christmas Eve at my Grandparent's tonight. Some great gifts, including theatre tickets to see Mark Twain Tonight with Hal Holbrook. And to top it off, a new header featuring the great tree I got and which my lovely wife decorated. Happy Holidays!

Peace on Earth.Presents and TreesvilleI picked up the first of three of the Dark Knight Strikes Again last week. It's got a helluva start and warranted me running out. I'm eagerly anticipating #2 and #3, scheduled to come out the weeks of January 16th and February 27th of 2002.

I picked it up at The Comic Gallery. The clerk asked me if I had read it yet - presumably some folks are buying second copies - a reading copy and a save copy. I told him no, and he told me it was powerful stuff. I further told him that I had picked up the original Dark Knight at this very store, when I was taking Driver's Ed classes across the street. He had been a clerk there even then, though I don't recall if I bought it from him originally. He was a bit floored and muttered something about feeling old. I replied that well, how old does that make me?!?!

It's a very odd feeling to return after 15 years to buy the sequel to a comic book.

But not altogether unpleasant.I picked up the first of three of the Dark Knight Strikes Again Killer page of OSX Links It appears to be down at the moment. Google it and grab a mirror today! Apache-mySQL-PHP installation tutorial Apple's OSX Downloads Building OpenSSH 2.5.2 on Mac OS X 10.0.1 Building Zope and Python on MacOS X Server Mac OS X / Mac OS X Server Resources MacNN's OSX News MacOSX Apps MacOSX Hints MacOSX Tips & Tricks Set Up Hosts in NetInfo Setting up your OSX from scratch Tips & Tricks for OS X Unix VersionTracker.com's MacOSX Software Updates XIcons from MacNN - Icons like crazy!Some MacOSX Links of Note for Web GeeksMr. Lester with a flash of funny genius on blogs.Mr...Quote of the Day: Regardless of what happens in our lives, we all must keep on moving.- Douglas E. WelchQuote of the Day:Related to Christmas Trees, I'm retiring The Christmas Tree that was a header -- and we now have a New Year's Message. It is always enjoyable to exercise my lettering muscles. At one point I was quite passionate about lettering and typography. What was once a major is now a minor.

Avid readers may remember my happiness at upgrading painter. This new New Year's Header was made with that and my hand. I also did some futzing with drawing as well. Didn't save anything though. Maybe next header I'll do even more with the brush. I enjoy making these ornamental graphics. They're useless but fun.

Coincidentally, today I got a hit on artlung.com from an altavista search for "be a cartoonist" (in quotes). Apparently I'm the #1 hit for that search. This goes to show how out of touch altavista is, I think. I have no particular advice for would-be cartoonists. Better to ask Mark Martin or even Scott Adams. I think that the search hit is a result of the exact phrase "be a cartoonist" in a blog entry from August. At the time, the blog lived on the home page, and that's what altavista indexed.

Related to Christmas Trees...Hey San Diegans! Recycle your Christmas Tree!Hey San Diegans!The SDBA, the San Diego Booksellers Association, has a website and guide to bookshops here in San Diego. Cool.The SDBA... Police in Pusan and the city's education office asked elementary schools there to stop students singing the song and educate them as to why the terrorist must not be admired. from The Straits Times out of Singapore. How not to fight noxious memes: Captain Cursor coins the term Spellpunk .... I like the coinage! It seems to me that with Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings being the rage that I'm noticing fantasy fandom out there.In other genre news, I bought the new Buckaroo Banzai DVD today. I don't usually frequent The Wherehouse, but the one I bought it at -- near the San Diego Sports Arena -- had a a spanish cover of Tainted Love playing, which was an appropriate strangeness to go with the purchase of the genre-bending Banzai.I also picked up some yummy See's Candy to bring to an impromptu party for my Aunt Sally, who was married 2 weeks ago. It was nice to see my Mom's side of the family -- the Silva's. The company was wonderful, and there was lots of great food as well. I rarely see that part of my family, probably to my detriment.Jenny and I had a wonderful time.I'm not sure, but could it have been La Union I was listening to at the Wherehouse? Spellpunk and Family TiesGriffith Observatory will get a massive refit! It's going to take 3 years, but that's good timing since I'm not in L.A. now. Heh. I'm a sucker for Griffith Observatory. When I was a kid, maybe 6 or 7 years old I saw a planetarium show there that included a bit on constellations, and speculated on creatures from outer space. They included some pulp SF covers which scared the daylights out of me! I wish I knew which covers they were, it would be cathartic to see them again.  That was also the era of Close Encounters of the Third Kind, aggravating my suggestibility. Oh, and I also have a soft spot for Paula Abdul's Rush Rush, a song whose video features the observatory prominently -- it copycats the plotline Rebel without a Cause. When I lived in L.A., I would often go up there to look, especially when I had visitors. One visitor from stands out: Jenny and Joe @ Griffith Park Observatory, 1996. And yes, that's the Hollywood sign behind us - the camera is facing northwest. And yes, it's true. In addition to scads of html and javascript ephemera, I also keep the plotlines of Paul Abdul videos in my head.Griffith Observatory will get a massive refit!Embed a time capsule in cockroach DNA. Cool idea. How will people know to look?Embed a time capsule in cockroach DNA... I want one of these evolt.org special Christmas ornaments for Festivus 2002! Evolt is smurfy.Evoltament! Mage: The Movie? One of my favorite comics from the 1980's was Matt Wagner's original Mage: The Hero Discovered. I have thought that it would make a great movie for years. At one point even Kevin Smith was talking about doing something with it. I think the motion picture industry has caught up with the comics. Lord of the Rings shows us that we can do anything in the movies when it comes to fantasy effects, goblins, dragons. Mage has some hard-to-pull off scenes, but I think it could be done. And more, I think it should be done. The pacing is such that I think the storyline could fit into a movie nicely - 2 to 2 1/2 hours should do it. And more, given the political climate, it would probably sell. It's about a man who does not want to be a hero, but whose circumstances push him toward heroism. Hardly a unique story, but a good one. Time will tell if Mage will get out of development hell. Other links on this: - Mage Movie Rounds First Base - Ancient Brain Parts - tnmc movie news: Mage Mage: The Movie? webdav in two minutes. And that's exactly how much time I have to spend on it!For Geeks: wordplayer.com looks like a neat resource for screenwriters.For Screenwriters:For San Diegans: Residential Electronics Recycling Day is this Saturday This is such a good idea. Nobody has any idea what to do what that damn old MacII or 386, and what's more disposing of them improperly lets all kinds of nasty toxics into our landfills. So for goodness sake, recycle and dispose of electronics safely! And learn more about Electronics Reuse and Recycling at epa.gov Question: How come neither San Diego Goodwill Industries nor The City of San Diego's  Environmental Services / Recycling Programs have anything about this on their websites? Granted, it's a once-a-year event, but it deserves more play than a story in the U-T.For San Diegans: Residential Electronics Recycling Day is this SaturdayHow Islam Lost Its Way: {well worth a read}

For nearly four months now, leaders of the Muslim community in the United States, and even President Bush, have routinely asserted that Islam is a religion of peace that was hijacked by fanatics on Sept. 11.

These two assertions are simply untrue.

First, Islam -- like Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism or any other religion -- is not about peace. Nor is it about war. Every religion is about absolute belief in its own superiority and the divine right to impose its version of truth upon others. In medieval times, both the Crusades and the Jihads were soaked in blood. Today, there are Christian fundamentalists who attack abortion clinics in the United States and kill doctors; Muslim fundamentalists who wage their sectarian wars against each other; Jewish settlers who, holding the Old Testament in one hand and Uzis in the other, burn olive orchards and drive Palestinians off their ancestral land; and Hindus in India who demolish ancient mosques and burn down churches.

Now, religion itself can be a worthy thing, and gives comfort and support to billions of people. The trouble comes in when religion demands to be seen as the one true way to look at the world. Tolerance is golden.How Islam Lost Its Way: Origin of the phrase "since hector was a pup"For no reason in particular:Fun facts! Origin of the term "spam" to mean net abuseFun facts!New Lab Item: Outbound Link ConfirmationNew Lab Item:Ava South emailed me some kind comments recently, and has a journal that's worth a read. Check her out.Ava South emailed me some kind comments recently... Jenny and I missed out on Noche Buena (Cuban Christmas Eve) in 2001. Maybe we'll make it in 2002. The big tradition is a pig roast. Not familiar with the concept, and have a hankering to roast a 70-120 pound (30-55kg) pig? Learn how to roast a Noche Buena pig!Roast a Pig! Spam is out of control these days. I cribbed the phrases below from a slashdot thread on battling spam. Add these to your mail filters / rules so that they get looked for in the body of incoming mail. You can then have them moved for a folder for review. Here are the phrases: to be removed to be permanently removed to get removed to get off the list to get off this list to be taken off to remove yourself removal instructions remove in subject line "remove" in subject line remove in the subject "remove" in the subject 'remove' in the subject S.1618 S. 1618Spam NoteOne of my favorite computing environments was my Amiga 1000, which was purchased by my father back in around 1985 -- while I was still in high school.  I can now engage in nostalgia for that more innocent time by looking at this page. Collected there are many screenshots from the various iterations of Workbench. This was the operating system and GUI for the Amiga. Considering how old these screenshots are, they hold up well as a computing environment. Other Amiga related stuff on ArtLung.com TI-99, Amigas and PowerMacs, oh my! amiga picturesOne of my favorite computing environments was my Amiga 1000...Scott Shaw!'s ODDBALL COMICS is cool.Scott Shaw!'s ODDBALL COMICS is cool...A history of weblogs, interesting.A history of weblogs... Why haven't I been to San Diego's Apple Store yet?Lazy or busy or both. Why haven't I been to San Diego's Apple Store yet? Question - Are you a chick? - in the San Diego area? - into fiber arts? If this sounds like you, check out Stitch &amp; BitchShe's Crafty Who doesn't love a cheesy mustache? More reorgs and changes making the site more modular under the hood. The bio page was updated to include some new links and formatting as well as a link to me in a cheesy mustache. I also made some small changes to to jenny's pages on artlung.com. Fun fact: according to dictionary.com, there are two acceptable spellings for that hair under your nose --  mustache and moustache. Either way, I'm glad I got rid of that facial style. Who doesn't love a cheesy mustache?As I have mentioned before, evolt.org is cool. And they only improve with age and time. I have not written any articles (I have one news item, and that was back in 1999), but I have a fair share of &lt;tip&gt;'s which I posted to thelist.

They also have implemented fancier user pages -- here's mine -- with the new new graffito[?]  ArtLung logo!evolt-o-rama!Lyrics of the Day: Cheepnis and Village of the Sun  The National Guard has formed up at the base of the mountain And is attempting to lure the enormous poodle towards the cave Where they hope to destroy it with napalm A thousand of the troopers are now lined up and are calling to the monster... Here Fido Here Fido Here Fido Goin' back home To the Village of the Sun Out in back of Palmdale Where the turkey farmers run, I done Made up my mind And I know I'm gonna go to Sun Village, good God I hope the Wind don't blow Lyrics of the Day: Cheepnis and Village of the SunBook Review from Salon of Dot.con: The Greatest Story Ever Sold: Once it became possible to float a profitless company on the NASDAQ and, with the proceeds, buy your way to respectability (as AOL did most spectacularly in its purchase of Time Warner), you might feel like a loser for not trying yourself. This dread of being left out, the rise of online trading -- especially day trading -- and "The Greater Fool theory of investment," Cassidy contends, became the essential drivers of dot-com mania. (The "greater fool" theory of investments holds that what matters is not the earnings, or performance, of the company you hold stock in, but simply that you can resell its stock to a sucker for a more ridiculous markup than you paid). Looks worth looking at.Book Review from Salon of Dot... I'm not a Food Network fan per se. Jenny digs many of their shows. Me, I only like Alton Brown. His show is like the best old public television - This Old House or Victory Garden. TOH and VG were great shows (still are) even if you didn't care about home improvement or gardening.  It's not about hyping the latest and greatest fashion, it's about putting a technology in context (for Alton it's food) in an interesting, educational, and entertaining way. And now the grab bag... alton speaks | fan page | the yahoo group | good eats official page | alton and macs [ via backupbrain ] You can also search for more. Alton Brown Grab Bag! I've reorganized the directory structure of my viridian design contest entries -- and made a hub for (my) things Viridian: Viridian Design Movement / Joe's Viridian Contest Entries.Reorg-O-Mania! In keeping with the reorganization theme... Even my cat's web page has been updated.Mr. ChToday was unremarkable save that I had an enjoyable lunch with Kynn at local Pizza joint Filippis's Pizza Grotto. There is no electronic substitute for good company, conversation, and food.

There are not many people on the planet who I can keep up with and can keep up with me while: eating antipasto and pizza; talking about Justice League, the W3C, section 508, CSS, web accessibility, the Web Standards Project, mailing lists, web.archive.org, DeCSS, Jakob Nielsen, Apple Industrial Design and Anime. Kynn took the train down (he lives north quite a few miles) and used the excuse that he could get some writing done on the train.

Entirely stimulating, and a very long lunch. Thankfully, I have a flexible employer.

I think the neatest thing about today's lunch is that I realized something core about what's going on today. That the September 11th events have brought in many web geeks a desire to do something more -- to work towards projects and things which matter in ways that maybe can't be expressed as part of a stock portfolio or balance sheet. I had not put it into words that way, but Kynn's right. More of my friends and acquaintances who do web work are thinking of it in very different terms.

The other thing that I realized is that The Web Standards Project has not by any stretch fulfilled it's mission. Kynn made me understand even clearer that the W3C's role is really as a technical standards body. The W3C's role is not and never has been one of advocacy. They merely write up "Recommendations." Well dammit, there's a need for Advocacy out there, and that's the reason the The Web Standards Project  was born in the first place - to interact with developers, user agent creators, authoring tool vendors - everyone who uses web standards.

Along the same lines, this is interesting: There is no grassroots organization taking up the issue of Web Accessibility as something to fight for, and something to evangelize on. There are folks doing lobbying, and writing law, but there's no independent group serving an advocacy role for web accessibility.

I love passionate groups of people banding together. I'd like to see something more in this area.

Much food for thought for me.

And the pizza was good too.Pranzo con Kynn a Filippi's More and more, with the rise of the computer and the Internet, people tend to think mechanistically and digitally: "If it can't be encoded as data, then it ain't worth sh*t. It ain't anything that we should be worried about." They tend to think of life as a decision tree, a hierarchy, some kind of programming language that, once you've got it mastered, you're all set. But I don't think it's as simple as that. - David ByrneQuote of the Day Followup from A Good Use Of MS PowerPoint from rini.orgPowerpoint Makes A Difference! Seems like several times in the past few weeks I've seen questions on web405 and websandiego about the rules for cookie and cookie origin -- and how those were pretty much plugged holes. Well, The most modern and current versions of Windows IE 5.5 and 6 apparently are taking us back a few years when these holes were more common. So, Microsoft in so doing is making liars of all of us who have "why cookies are safe" pages on sites. I'm sick of their idiocy. Microsoft Breaks Netscape Rule In New Security Flaw [ via ip ]Cookie Monster: MSIE on Windows demonstration of a wild scrollbar effect. Silly, but neat in its' own way.Silly Scrollbars:Neat rumors about a third version of Blade Runner. Blade Runner is one of my favorite movies, so this is tasty news.Neat rumors about a third version of Blade Runner... "Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid." - Frank ZappaQuote of the Day: It's a new iMac. Small and nifty. [ via macintouch ] The actual announcement will be in a few hours. I'm an Apple fan, have been since Amiga went down the tubes, and I always enjoy the Apple Hype. They do well for themselves making creative products and working the hype even better than Microsoft. In an alternate universe Steve Jobs is Bill Gates, and Bill Gates is CEO of a scrappy, smart Microsoft. But where we live Gates is the leader of dumb but relentless Microsoft, and Jobs is  the impish, creative troublemaker. Update, 6:50pm Pacific Doc on the new iMac. He was there -- worth a read.Re: Apple Hype In attempting to reinvigorate myself, the site, or both, the home page has been replaced with something like a splash page, and there's a new header to match it here in the blog. I don't know if it will stick, but it feels great to play. As Bruce Sterling exhorts: Follow Your Weird!That felt good. On 20 December 2001, Matthew Walden sent me some corrected text for his experiences making my Make an RTF Document with PHP work under IIS, and just now, a month later, I am putting said text in place. Matthew rocks, and I am tardy.Time management. Do as I say not as I do I saw Orange County today and Jack Black was amazing as usual. Some funny moments, but I find myself thinking much of it could have been left out. There's only about 35 minutes of good movie lodged in that movie. Some cultural works require the full experience to get the right impact. But for some, you just need some of the bits and pieces. Cliff's Notes. No, not Cliff's Notes - more - abridged versions. Maybe this is a function for a future TiVo. Think of how many BAD movies there are on cable. Now consider that maybe some of these 90 minute monstrosities may have a 20 minute short film lurking in them. A short film that's pretty good even! Or perhaps the businessperson on the go - she has no time to sit through Titanic or Gladiator - how about the 35 minute versions of those? Like a remix! I'm liking this idea more and more. Rap/Hip hop was built by people who took existing music, and cut it up in interesting ways. Spielberg's A.I. was overlong and manipulative, but maybe there's a film+video Moby or Brian Eno out there who will recut it in a way that's interesting. Maybe it's A.I.: The 30 minute adventure! or A.I.: The Sad 20 Minute Version.  There is an antecedent for this, for Star Wars - but that's full length. I want to see multiple, alternate versions. As more people have powerful desktop video capabilities, I hope we'll see a recut underground. Don't be a passive media consumer, be active!My page for Jennifer gets a makeover this morning.My page for Jennifer gets a makeover this morning... They're not booing, they're saying LOUUUUU Want to know what I miss? Lou's Records. when I worked up in Solana Beach at EduPoint, I really enjoyed taking a ride up to Lou's Records in Encinitas and browsing /  buying their excellent stock. It's a store in two buildings - one side is all used, and the other new. They also sell videos and other sundries. Good record stores are so hard to come by. I remember when I lived in Roanoke that I really treasured trips out of town. A trip to San Diego, L.A., or D.C. meant I could visit a Tower Records. When I lived in Charlottesville I would go to Plan 9, which was prettty good. Certainly better than anything in Roanoke. Speaking of Charlottesville, I was living there when Dave Matthews was doing regular weekly shows. I always heard good things but never saw them play. Jenny is a huge fan of DMB and I still kick myself that I didn't at least see them once. ( Note to self: pay attention to groups with strong grassroots followings ). Dang, that was 10 years ago now that I missed out on Dave Matthews Band. I must be getting old. They're not booing... A few years ago at San Diego Comic Con I saw some of Ronny Vardy's work in the gallery portion of the show. Her work was fresh, appealing, and fun. What's not to love? When I had collected enough stuff, and managed to get some free time, well, here's a web page! More Links &raquo;Ronny's Site from&nbsp;1999 &raquo;heather corinna 29&nbsp;November&nbsp;2001 &raquo;Vardy invades Moteaze November&nbsp;2001 &raquo;Ronny's Husband's Site 2000 Ronny Vardy Fan Site Scoping the hardware, the sexy new iMac, the TiBooks and whatnot here at the Fashion Valley Apple Store -- I'm here with crazy Matt Lee-- I'm kicking myself that I didn't bring a camera. Lots of luscious stuff here. Apple sure knows how to put together a sexy retail experience. Live from Apple Store San DiegoDead AirPortJoe Calls Apple Tech SupportHe Shoots He Scores! So my trustyworthy AirPort Base Station which I have had and loved for a few years now is not responding. I'm currently on hold .... er ...no I'm on the phone now.... just a sec... ... Well, I went through the same troubleshooting with the amiable tech guy that I did on my own, and it looks like my base station is indeed hosed. They're gonna send me a new one! Huzzah! Kudos to Apple Tech Support! It's funny, when I called they asked if I had ever called Apple Support before, and I never ever had! This, despite the fact that I've owned two Macs for about six years. I think that says something about my experience as a customer. &iexcl;Viva Apple!Dead AirPort In a fit of nervous energy, I made a new lab item: modify the box! a dhtml experiment. Useless, but an excellent exercise. I sat down and wrote this in about an hour and a half. I definitely am feeling better about my confidence with dynamic html - which is where client-side scripting ( commonly referred to as JavaScript, but really it's ECMAScript, meanwhile, Microsoft would have you call it JScript, and of course originally it was called LiveScript ) and CSS meet. In a related note: Kynn solved my MSIE6 bug with the current splash page - the trick was to put a false line-height of 3pixels. I had a &lt;div&gt; that was appearing 18 pixels high despite being given a height of 3 pixels. It was apparently making an affordance for text that was not there. Good to know.Nervous Energy Galore: document.getElementById And for the blog header too. Permalink here, previous header was this. View all the old headers here. Time for work now.My Beard Is Blue 2: Electric Boogaloo The home page / splash page has been changed. Check it out if you like. It's xhtml compliant, and was a blast to do. Time for bed now.My Beard Is Blue Graphing lifelines is an interesting information design concept. I grew up all over the place and have been wanting to have a proper geographical map / timeline (a timeline is just a "map of time." yes?) of all the places I've lived. I know I find it useful in conversation to know more about the background of people - so I can communicate more effectively. If you know where a person comes from you're more likely to know what kind of metaphors are going to resonate with them. I'm a strong believer in metaphor as a mechanism to teach and communicate. To my detriment at times. My wife and friend ewon still make fun of my "salty pie" metaphor, which I guess got out of hand and became ridiculous. I compared an experience to mistaking salt for sugar when baking -- but realizing the mistake halfway through -- overcompensating by adding more sugar to cover it up. Thus, salty pie. It makes sense to me. *sigh*Representations of Paths in Time and SpaceGoogle in Person! Jealous? Mark Holmes of Nutshell Digital went to the San Diego Internet Marketers Association meeting last night. The featured speakers were folks from the esteemed Google, and I'm sorry I missed it. Mark posted a wrap up which is worth a read. ( via the WebSanDiego.org mailing list )Google in Person! Jealous? B+R points out that the Salt Lake City olympics website is not accessible. Deja vu all over again. Why do so few web developers take the time to understand accessibility? For a high profile, general interest, information-rich site like one for the Olympics, you'd think someone would be paying attention. Why must this be an issue?Salt Lake City Olympics Website Accessibility: Oops.Was up too late last night. Working on a big project for work. Fun but tiring. Of course, it's nothing compared to my co-workers who've been hip-deep in it for months. Time to go to work!Was up too late last night...Whew. Adding and refurbishing this site like crazy. The upper navigation has had the colophon added to it ( previously mentioned ); as well as a site index. Additionally, the portfolio is getting a substantial refit in an attempt to make it less confusing. Still not finished, but until then you can look at 10 year old digital artwork of mine in the fun area -- Easter Card,1992. I hope to add more information to all the items in the portfolio. Information on how they were made, why they were made, and get them formatted correctly.

I also hope to add work that is more current for the pro section of the portfolio, again, detailing what I did or did not do on the sites in question. It's important to me that I not overstate (or understate!) my role in the sites in question.Continuous Quality Improvement: Alwin nails the straight dope on the Presidential fainting spell perfectly. Who better than a CCU nurse to tell you about vagal response? -- Bush "Vagals" Himself, Film At Eleven. Edutainment Blogging! Also, CHEW YOUR FOOD!Chewie! In 1999 I was inspired by the lack of the ability to validate code with things like the &lt;nobr&gt; tag, to write my own DTD - Document Type Definition. [see code] I think this article at Web Design Group was the thing that did it. If I remember correctly, their their validator actually listens to this "roll your own" technique. At the time there was no alternative to writing nonstandard html, and if you wanted to QA your code it was a hassle to see it complaining about things like marginwidth and marginheight in the &lt;body&gt; tag. The solution was to roll your own DTD and validate against that. Modern browsers do their own thing when it comes to DOCTYPE declarations, so for public websites, using a custom doctype would probably be inviting trouble. But for QA, it could be useful. Here's another article on this issue which may be worth your time.Ancient DTD HackingI remember doing lots of experiments with JavaScript when I was first learning it. One I had forgotten about was a drawing program I started in 1999. However, I wanted too high a resolution for what machines could handle then. It would always end up crashing browsers. In 2001 I dialed it back, and made it prettier. Still not really ready for prime time, and I never showed these to anyone. They can now be linked to from artlung.com/portfolio/draw. Recovering these is part of a wider effort to make my portfolio area make sense. They are really not that impressive when compared to the stuff you can find at the 5k contest. However, I learned a much from these in trying them on different browsers and different operating systems and different machine processor speeds. I think these are a big part of how I am able to intuit how browsers will handle different amounts of scripting and complexity. I'm proud of them. For those which use PHP, I also provide the source code for each. So, check them out if you'd like.Ancient JavaScript Drawing ExperimentsThe GPS Personal Locator for Children is straight out of Bruce Sterling. Of course, just because you know where your child is, does not mean you know they are safe. And Dori, it's cool AND creepy. This is the modern age. Jet planes take me thousands of miles to where my parents live, and they also have the capacity to destroy buildings. This our age, or perhaps our children's age. Moreover, this is the 21st Century. The trick is to try and retain our essential humanity. Just don't ask me how to do that. Heh. [ via backupbrain ]The GPS Personal Locator for Children is straight out of Bruce Sterling...From crazy Sassy: VBScript API listing Script. I had only a tiny part of that magnifico little script. Matt is the MAN. Regular expressions are fun!From crazy Sassy: VBScript API listing Script... For some people most everyone on the planet, black, crushed-velvet pants are a terrible idea.Fun FactI'm (already!)  starting to get hits from yahoo for searches for this Tamale joint. I blogged it a few days ago, and they have no website, so I get hits instead of them. Crazy! Here's their info -- it's from their business card, transcribed 30 Feb 2002:

They make these kinds of tamales: Chicken; Beef; Pork; Cheese with Jalapeno; Pineapple; Nuts with Raisins.

2 Locations on this card:

2015 Garnet Avenue Ave, Suite 103
Pacific Beach, California
Tel: 858-273-3521

707 South Escondido Blvd
Escondido, California
Tel: 760-739-8421Tamales Ancira Contact Information New splash page up front, new header here on the blog. Fancy schmancy xhtml up front. Old school tables in here. Fun. The picture, by the way, is of me, age 5 or so. Rocking out.Splash, Header, Sleep These music mutations are genius. I love the Strokes / Christina Aguilera mishmash - A Stroke of Genie-us [mp3]. Jenny loves The Strokes, and I love Christina. And this is either the perfect blend or something to displease us both. Either way, sonic stimulation in spades. [ via metafilter ]Music Mutations More background on the pretzel incident[ via owillis  ]Sinus Bushycardia &nbsp;&nbsp;&raquo; It's a war &nbsp;&nbsp;&raquo; But they're not prisoners of war So which is it?Mr. President, Help Me Understand The surveillance state is beginning. 1984 is no longer the relevant text. We need to look to how information flows in Cyberpunk novels like those of William Gibson and Bruce Sterling. Where having surveillance and databases out there in the aether don't necessarily make anyone safer or happier or more secure. We must think carefully about how information tracking technologies can and will be used, abused, and subverted. It may also be time to learn more about the EFF.Surveillance StateLast night and this morning I installed htdig as the new search engine for this site internally. Back in August I mentioned that I would start using google because the solution I was trying had stopped working with any reliability. ht://Dig is open source and originated here in San Diego at SDSU.

Total time for installation and customization was about 5 hours total. This is valuable information in case I ever need to install an htdig search engine for a client. Lots of small details in doing this installation. I downloaded the installation as a tar.gz file, then decompressed that to a suitable location (cgi-bin). Then I had to do configure, make, make install. Installing unix software is always an adventure. This site runs FreeBSD (see: colophon, and I was delighted that it went pretty smoothly.

Then I was ready to start running it. This got tricky, but it was straightforward as I was able to tweak the conf/htdig.conf file to do what I like. rundig is the key to indexing a site. At first I had broken images, but it was working properly. The site initially indexes the htdig site itself. Just like any web robot, it goes out and looks at that site just as a browser would. This put my mind at ease, as I was not sure how it would deal with databased content, or the fact that the pages on my site are very include() driven. I was also concerned that because it is a local search engine, it would index files I don't want indexed. The perl search engine I had originally installed had this problem. It would find older versions of files and garbage files that had become garbage for a reason.

As I got it working, and pointed it at artlung.com, I found a problem. The indexing process was taking far too long. Seems I had an infinite loop happening! In my accessibility slideshow from 1999 I had a problem. The [next] and [previous] links did not give any thought to whether they should actually show or not. The php for that I had written when I really knew very little php, and I ended up with the search engine indexing not just /words/accessibility/?i=0 to /words/accessibility/?i=10, but it was iteratively visiting the "next" and "previous" links like crazy. ?i=-1, ?i=-2, ?=-3, and on until I stopped it at ?i=-115. That would have been 115 versions of the "previous" page that was no different than the "first" poge. The PHP I had written in 1999 was smart enough to handle bad values for $i, but not smart enough to realize that there was no "previous" pages for those pages. The "next" links had the same problem. The htdig indexer was not smart enough to know that it was indexing hundreds of nearly identical pages. The solution was to fix the slideshow code so that it would not produce spurious links like that. After that fix, it was indexed properly and quickly. This is probably another reason that many search engines simply won't touch pages with querystrings.

The next problem I had was that it was showing bad search results for certain pages. Example: I searched for the word "Zappa" - and I got far more results than I would have expected. Granted, I am a Frank Zappa Fan, but why would the bio page come up in a result for that? Turns out the indexer found the entry inside the bottom &lt;select&gt; box for my Frank Zappa piece. So the search engine was indeed finding an instance of the word "Zappa," but not a useful one. The solution is to not include the bottom navigation in the pages served to the search engine. I also did the same thing with the blog such that the archived pages don't show the outbound links to the indexer. In this way you don't get each and every instance in navigation when you use the search engine. I suspect there will be more tweaks like this.

Next I began playing with the look and feel to match the rest of artlung.com. I used my preexisting styles and made graphical widgets for search results. They are pretty cute, actually. Buttons should look like they want to be clicked, and these even have a bevel! You can't go wrong with a subtle bevel. I added the ht://Dig logo in a way to my liking (a banner along the bottom). I ended up changing several pages in htdig's common directory:  footer.html , header.html, long.html , and nomatch.html. I also edited the template_map variable to point to my own long.html file.

Once I got it working to my satisfaction I reran rundig manually for the last time, and swapped out the old google include for the new htdig include on the search page. With a highly include-driven site it's very easy to make these kinds of changes.

The last thing I did was add a daily unix system cron job to reindex the site daily. The indexing process takes about 2 minutes and the best part about it is that I shouldn't have to think about it. And it should always be up to date (plus or minus 24 hours I suppose).

With luck, this search engine will work well. If you have comments or questions, feel free to ask!Search Engine Upgrade to ht://Dig Jenny picked some great tamales up. Ancira's is running ads on the local cable company, and they're good. She got two each of chicken, beef, and raisin and nut. Fresh tasting, excellent texture. There's a definite trend of Mexican food today. And that's fine by me. Tamales Ancira'sGreat joy can be simple. A satisfying game of intense cutthroat racquetball. Cheap taquitos, beans and rice.It just don't get any better than this Yo! Tom Tomorrow has a new blogTom Tomorrow, bloggingJoel on Software has a short piece on rewriting software called Rub a dub dub which I quite like. I've been doing it myself in the recent past.

No, strike recent -- I've been building and rebuilding since 1996!Rewrite!iSwitch -- brilliant idea

But a big part of the reluctance is the switching cost. People don't want to have to fight with Windows to transfer all their old stuff over.

Now imagine if Apple provided, with their new iMacs, an iSwitch software suite.

After putting the new Mac on the home network, you put the iSwitch CD into your old windows box.  Magically, all your old documents, bookmarks, and email begin to appear on the mac.  The internet dialup configuration also transfers over. The pain of conversion disappears.

When it's done, you turn off the windows PC --- for the last time.

There must be migration packages out there. Heck, it would be useful to make a Windows box to Windows box migration kit as well. Something for the typical consumer who just wants to move their email and documents and jpegs. I think though, that people end up needing to know some geek, or kid, to help them with migrations of this sort.iSwitch ... U.S. OPEN BROADCAST DATE ! ESPN has announced that the 2001 Hilton U.S. OPEN broadcast will move to the network's flagship channel -- ESPN -- and will air FRIDAY, February 8, 2002 at 1:00 pm EST ( How did it come to pass that I am  interested in watching an organized sporting event? Bizarre. ) Racquetball Championships on ESPN in February About the previous entry, I was using style.posTop and style.posLeft under the code block for document.all. This used to work, but no longer does. Nice to know that about Opera!Opera Issue Licked! I meant to fricking go to bed early. But sadly, I did not. On the plus side, I have updated the dhtml part of the portfolio. It's validating xhtml and css and everything, just like Jeffrey Zeldman would like. It works and was tested in MSIE5/Mac, IE6/Windows, Netscape 6.2/Windows. It renders well in Lynx as well, which is nice. In Netscape 4.79 it looks and works fine as well. I can't tell, but apparently it's the vogue to make your site terribly ugly in Netscape 4. Ho hum. It's less attractive and less functional, sure. But something in me makes me consider Netscape 4. I can't take pride in a site that breaks terribly in my old pal Netscape 4. Opera 5 for Mac is a bit funky with it. I dynamically assign locations to &lt;div&gt;s, but Opera is grommeting them to the upper left corner of the browser. I'm not sure if it's my bug or theirs. Anyway...the take home message is this: New and Improved,  Joe's qualifications rendered in validating dynamic html ! And not a single &lt;table&gt; in sight. Kind of neat to see a design of mine not change when I run the Table-ize bookmarklet.me so sleepy. me program long time. At Slate, The Enron Blame Game (requires Flash) [link directly to popup]. Taking responsibility? No thanks, I'll blame someone else.MSN Slate on EnronVersionTracker for Windows VersionTracker - which has been a great resource for Mac folk for several years, apparently also has listings for Windows now. What do they do? They maintain extensive lists of software, and the upgrades, fixes, and patches thereto. Super-useful.VersionTracker for WindowsOur Cold war legacy, just lying around. Alarming.Our Cold war legacy... In stunning news, Talking Heads, who have been broken up for years will play two songs as a quartet at the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony. vh1 will air it. Previous news: msnbc story on the induction. [ via talking-heads.net, a fan site ] When I was in high school (1983-1987), Talking Heads was one of my favorite groups. They were a smart, funny, fun, wide ranging group. I had a 2 sided cassette tape which consisted of Remain in Light on side A, and Fear of Music on side B. I used to drive a 1972 Volvo with only an AM radio, and I would carry a portable, as in handheld cassette recorder -- designed to record professor's notes I think -- and blast that thing. The sound wa s not good, but I knew what the LPs (this was before CDs) sounded like. I could hear it in my head. I think the thing that I liked about Talking Heads was that they seemed to consider their work in music to be artistically based. They did not app ear to be driven by commercial concerns in any way whatsoever. No doubt they considered whether their records would sell, but the decisions they made -- taking new and strange left turns with every record -- were not part of a plan for rock domination. They just put out interesting stuff. Not a bad goal to set for oneself -- put out interesting stuff. I look forward to what they do together after 10 years apart. Talking Heads, Live MySQL-Front is a really nifty freeware MySQL SQL Server Enterprise Manager for MySQL. MySQL is getting more appealing as a database platform every day. It's not a true RDBMS, but still massively useful. Thanks, SassyMySQL-frontI'm checking out BlogApp on MacOS X. It's a trim shareware mechanism to post to a blogger acccount. (hipped to this by backupbrain)I'm checking out BlogApp on MacOS X...Over the weekend I did almost no blogging and got an amazing amount of crud done. Maybe not crud, but stuff. I did Jenny's and my taxes (woo hoo!) and because I had a more conventional job than in the past few years (1 full time gig) the taxes were much more clear-cut. No freelance income, not enough business expenses to catalog in detail. Very painless and quick, and I filed electronically which I've done for the past 4 years if I remember right. I used Macintax, or rather TurboTax for Mac, which made the process even smoother. Jenny and I also went to our local Fry's and picked up a printer cable for her machine. Since we got her a new computer she's had no luck printing. Turns out it was NOT Windows 98, incompatible drivers, or the Postscript driver - it was the PRINTER CABLE. Looks like the one we had, which was 25 feet long (very nice in it's day) went bad. The exasperating thing was that the prints we would get would come, they were just bad. Printer technology is either more complex, or much simpler that something like TCP/IP. With that, one can ping to see if the connection is good, and if it's good, things work. With this, the actual signal was weaker or damaged, causing printing problems. I of course blamed myself for installing the drivers wrong as it's always a pain to install new drivers on Wintel. I was also blaming Win98 for general flakiness, but with no basis. I was also thinking that it might be the printer (an HP 5MP) might be dying. I had listened to enough of my lovely wife Jenny's whining reporting printer problems  to her Help Desk (Note: Help Desk = me) for several months, I thought I'd give a new cable a shot. So that's another monkey off my back. I also played racquetball on Saturday -- wonderful games as per usual. Though I find that I have bruises on my legs I'm not sure how I got. I think they are the result of hitting the walls when going hard to make returns. I'll have to watch that, exuberance is good but I don't want to hurt myself. I can feel my knees are stressed for a few hours after a game - I'll have to baby my knees, which are definitely a point of failure for my body as I age. Speaking of that, yesterday I watched the USRA US Open. I had taped it from Friday from ESPN. I was delighted to see that the champs are older guys - there was even a guy age 50 in the semi-finals. Add to that, the weather is improving, getting warmer. In 2-3 months the ocean temperature will be warm enough for the beach. In March Jenny and I will go to the wedding of a friend in Las Vegas. In May Star Wars Episode II will be out. In April Edward Tufte is coming to town! (You'd better not chart junk I'm telling you why!) And in July my sister and parents will be flying from back east for a visit. Still no peace in our time, but I'll accept these personal niceties in lieu of general planetary contentment for the time being.Over the weekend I did almost no blogging and got an amazing amount of crud done...Lyrics of the Say: Sing Your Life by Morrissey [ comment: a great song about the wonderful power of personal expression, I think. Nominally about "singing" - but really about being yourself. Yes, I'm feeling sappy this morning. ]  Sing your life Any fool can think of words that rhyme Many others do Why don't you? Do you want to? Oh... Sing your life Walk right up to the microphone And name All the things you love All the things that you loathe ... ... Don't leave it all unsaid Somewhere in the wasteland of your head, oh Head, oh, head, oh, head, oh And make no mistake, my friend Your pointless life will end But before you go Can you look at the truth? You have a lovely singing voice A lovely singing voice And all of those Who sing on-key They stole the notion From you and me So, sing your life (sing your life) Sing your life (sing your life)Lyrics of the Say... San Diego's Taste of the Nation looks really good. A good cause and good food. It'll be in May 2002. Mark Your Calendars The San Diego Bloggers page was given a complete facelift this morning.Facelift If you didn't come through the front door, you might want to check it out. Some dhtml silliness and a very old charcoal drawing of mine. Hope you like it. Oi. Sleepy now. New Splash My "for fun only" Ronny Vardy fansite's url has changed to http://artlung.com/fansite/ronnyvardy. Also added are flyers for two events in the L.A. area which will feature her fun, sexy pinup work. If she had a website, I would point you there, but alas, she does not, and all there is is my fan site. Enjoy!Ronny Vardy Update Yesterday was busy like crazy. I went to work, lunch with a bunch of WebSanDiegans, then my Digital Design for Designers class in Point Loma, then I came home and troubleshooted (troubleshot?) my Cox.net connection which was mysteriously down, then went to the SDLUG with Matt Lee, meeting featuring the enigmatic Michael Robertson of Lindows.com, formerly of mp3.com. Much too much to say just now, as I must go to work. But I hope to work my notes from the Lindows thing into a longer piece which will be either here in the blog or in /words/.Hello I Must Be Going! Open source TextAds from the irascible Bill Rini. Now that's cool.Open Source TextAdsToday, no deep introspection, no thoughtful thoughts.

In lieu, some quickies:
- I'm going to Lunch with a big old crew of folks! Should be rockin' cool.

- Listen to Stew on KRCW [show in realaudio]

- Learn something about critical care. Pay special attention to respiratory therapy and mechanical ventilation, that's my old job!

- Dark Knight 2: The Dark Knight Strikes Again (#2 of 3) came out last week. Good stuff. But sort of like how you can't review a movie in the middle, unless maybe you're MST3K, I'm waiting until the final issue till I make further comments about the (much awaited) DK2. And yes, #2 came out late. Comics always always run late.

- The San Diego Bloggers page was updated. The list is growing!Lunch/Stew/Mechanical Ventilation/Dark Knight 2/San Diego Bloggers I've been making references to racquetball since September (just search for racquetball on artlung.com). And I'm still enjoying it. I started playing every weekend, and now am playing basically twice a week - with family and friends. It's a fast, fun game. It's precisely the right game given that you are unaware of the exercise aspect of the game while you are doing it. Moreover, there's strategy required in the same way as a game like pool. You choose your shots in ways that will bank and bounce away from your opponent. And even better, it's all in 3 dimensions, rather than pool's flat plane. It's also an excellent twitch game. Like Quake or Unreal, the action can be very fast as the ball careens through the court. I've never been a thin person, which has roots in genetics and dietary habits. However, in my early 20's I was actually sort of happy with my physical state. I was not unattractive to the opposite sex, and I could bound up several stairs in the hospital (where I used to work) to get to a code blue or deliver a blood sample quickly and without losing my breath. Sometime in making the transition from being a Respiratory Terrorist to Web Designer, I stopped exercising altogether, save the occasional trip to the beach (when one was available). This turns out to be bad for your health, and I ballooned. This rightly worryied my parents. But worse than my shape, my tolerance for physical activity was lessened. I don't give a care what I look like, save to my wife, but being incapable of going up stairs or on a hike is an ego blow of the highest order. The regular racquetball has addressed some of these issues, and I can actually feel an increased tolerance for long walks and stairs. And most clearly, my tolerance for lots of racquetball has increased! Heh. I despise exercise for exercise's sake. I have envy who can muster enthusiasm for going for a run -- which seems utterly pointless activity to me. Running seems like a means, not an end in itself, and certainly not pleasurable. But some people are wired to enjoy, or are willing to force on themselves walking, running, treadmills, exercise bicycles. Perhaps as I age I'll appreciate "just taking a walk."  But for now, I'm going to stick to racquetball. When summer comes, I'll add bodysurfing and snorkling back into the mix.Racquetball Update If you have any interest in BeOS or Mac OSX, you will be very interested in Tales of a BeOS Refugee: From BeOS to OS X (by way of Windows and Linux). Which is a long and thorough article comparing the two operating systems at length from the point of view of a person who was a Be die-hard. It's excellent. And be sure to read the follow-up, Tales of a BeOS Refugee Redux as well, where the author responds to comments and corrections emailed by readers of the article. I played with Be when it was still geared toward PowerPC machines, and it was a dazzling OS, really fast at anything multimedia, and now I play with OSX very much, so I really have an appreciation for this article. For anyone technical there's a lot to like in the article. Comment: This kind of article / interaction is precisely what the web is about. Commentary that turns into a Socratic dialogue where all participants (and spectators like me!) learn something in the process.BeOS meets OSX My pal Kynn is writing a book on CSS, it has a website. Cool.Libro de Kynn Is CSS design really ready for prime time? To which I reply. No, it's not. It's a little late to be asking this given that people have been pushing for  xhtml+css for months. I'm not abandoning tables yet. And how can I? To give the best experience, to the most folk, I need to strike the balance between forward compatibility and backward compatibility. And that means I'm not using 100% structural markup. Yet. But I'm sure I'll be able to someday. And yes, I'm willing to help with web standards. Obviously, the job of advocating standards is not over by a longshot. How about we start pushing for more complete CSS1, CSS2, DOM in Opera, PNG, SMIL, SVG in all the browsers? There's work to be done indeed.Zeldman asks: Do you have or know of a San Diego Blog? Visit http://websandiego.org/bloggers.San Diego Blog Phil D. and Shelby B. noticed (both in the past 24 hours) that the lower link to Colophon was not working. The bug has been fixed. Very nice to get feedback, even if it's word that things are broken. Bug reports make the site better. They're an excellent way to keep my ego in check, too.Thanks for the Bug Reports! I belong to the blank generation and I can take it or leave it each time I belong to the ______ generation but I can take it or leave it each timeLyrics of the Day Let me direct your attention for a moment to the giant-size list of links on this page. These are links to friends, folks I think are cool, folks who provide good news, and other interesting and useful stuff out there on the web. Do take a moment to look at them, as I recently updated them. Most of them also have their [title] attribute set, so when you put your mouse over the links (in better browsers) you get a small note about the link. Check this old article about the [title] attribute.ArtLungLinksChristina's New Piercing. I still think she's cute. She makes many many many whacked out fashion choices, but she's still cute.Christina's New Piercing... From Dear Johnny and Davezilla, some silliness. It's not so much that it's funny, as that I really dig the illustration accompanying it.Heh. Last night and this morning I added a Referer tracker for the San Diego Bloggers page in PHP/MySQL. It's cool to see how people are coming to that site. I'll probably add something similar for my own blog as well. Any suggestions as to how to order the data? Other stuff to say, but not now.Referers Madness The infamous Cocky Bastard made a link to the San Diego Bloggers page and so, it's getting lots of hits today. Very nifty. And hi neighbor! In other news, Vince Outlaw and 3ones and Airshare are all sporting those lovely badges. More changes and updates are coming on the SDBloggers page. This weekend I'll build the "visit a random blog" tool.Hoi Polloi Linking; Badge Update; More to Come.Full of stray energy, I created 4 badges today for my various and sundry hobby / obsession / popular sites ...











UPDATE: I do know how to count. That's 5 banners. I made 4 this morning. The other one I made the other day. Though early in the morning I am less good at math than I might hope.It's a badge morning! Up early. Jennifer is leaving for Miami this morning. The cat and I will miss her.Leavin', on a jet plane.Today, this blog is one year old.Today...On February 19, 2001 I started blogging. That makes it one year starting tomorrow. As it happens, the answer to my question is this: I can indeed keep up with the blogging. At least for a year. I think I'm able to keep it up because I think of it as many things - a diary, a ship's log, a changelog, an acknowledgements page, a table of contents, a news page, a "what's new" page. All things current (and public, not everything gets blogged by me) in my life are are sucked into this amorphous thing called a blog. Maybe a better term for it would be "mental junk drawer." Here's a graphical listing by month, with a bar graph to indicate the number of posts per month. They are also linked so you can see the individual months.


02/20019
03/200115
04/200121
05/200115
06/200120
07/200130
08/200126
09/200142
10/200138
11/200138
12/200170
01/200272
02/200239
On February 19...The third person (besides me) using the San Diego Bloggers badge is nerd boy mikey. Cool!The third person (besides me) using the San Diego Bloggers badge is nerd boy mikey...According to Macintouch, RealPlayer for MacOS X will be coming in April of this year.According to Macintouch... Yes, I do. Perhaps you think me mad.Dare I step my toe into usenet? Charles and Jenny are both using the san diego bloggers badge. And others are noticing and linking as well.Inbound!I find this photo utterly charming

Update: Ava asked me if this photo was related to me somehow. No, it's not. That photo is of Dori Smith of backupbrain and her son Sean.Irresistably Charming Photograph The San Diego Bloggers page has grown to 35 links. Some I found myself via daypop and google. Some were emailed to me from folks on various lists I'm on - I asked, and they provided! And some folks just found it randomly, and asked to be added. Today I created a San Diego blogger badge. Next up - a random blog function -- picking it will take you to one of the blogs listed, which one? Only the gods of random numbers will know! I was going to do it in JavaScript, but then I realized that would be too easy. I want to do it in PHP and MySQL! Yeah, because I don't already have enough irons in the fire. Ha!We neither have, nor need, any stinking badges. Even with lorem ipsum, you're not immune to the literal-mindedness of clients. We were showing several designs to a roomful of people from many departments of the client's organization. The designs all had the classic "greeked text" in them. One of the questions we fielded was: "the final site will be in English, right -- not Latin?" We reassured said person that we did in fact intend to put meaningful words on their website. . You can't make this stuff up. Happy Birthday &amp; Happy Valentine's Day Jenny! Happy Birthday & Happy Valentine's Day Jenny! Joel strikes again! with great insights on what clients are looking at when they evaluate our software and web projects. As in lfe,we judge things based on surface aspects that are less important than their underpinnings. This is a great, funny, geeky cron anecdote. It made me laugh. (Requires some unix knowledge) I think I'm going to implement one of these weblogs.com implementations, probably one of the perl or php ones.Quickies FreeRuler looks to be just like the Screen Ruler that I've been using for years (on MacOS 7,8,9 and Windows 95, 98, NT, 2000) , but now available from a new author, for OSX. Why do you want a ruler on your screen? I'll tell you why - so you can see how big a graphic on a webpage is -- so you can see how wide a layout is, so you can size graphics to fit in that area appropriately. It's a super useful thing if you ever ever do anything visual. And even the programmiest of web programmers occasionally needs to do visual stuff. If you're a designer, you need this, like yesterday. I think I've been using the original Screen Ruler since 1996 or 1997. Here's the author with it in his .sig on usenet in 1995. And in case you hadn't noticed, that's over 6 years ago. Eons in web time. It's a classic and necessary web development tool. Screen Rulers! (native for MacOS X!) Cut-throat Racquetball (aka: Cutthroat Racquetball) -- A variation of the game played by three players. The server plays against the other two players, with each player serving in turn. Racquetball last night was great. Up early now. Stuff to do.Sports Term of the DayHow Does Alwin Manage To Find Stuff That Tickles My Neurons? Here's a cool site with an important-to-our-species'-survival message. Keep Antibiotics Working dot com. And from the "nifty!" department -- Emacs for Mac OS XHow Does Alwin Manage To Find Stuff That Tickles My Neurons? I posted some thoughts and links on the demise of ArsDigita over on the websandiego.org list.Phil Greenspun, Bad Examples, and the demise of ArsDigita Happy Birthday to ASP guru (yep, he's for hire as far as I know) and all around cool neat geeky (there's a skiing game written in assembly on his website) Mike Roufa! The guy also bakes! How's that for a man-about-town?Happy Birthday Mike! Well ... maybe. Check it out! AnswerBus -- I find this pretty interesting. It's simple, and provides a nice mechanism to change your question. I tried: "When was San Diego founded?" that got me some unrelated org - I changed it on the fly to: "When was the city of San Diego founded?" and got much better answers. AnswerBus looks like a neat tool. I also did "where are san diego web developers?" and got some nice results. :-) The response output makes more sense to me than AskJeeves' - which is very powerful, but also overly complex. This simple interface provides a facility to alter your question in a much quicker fashion. Worth a look. ( via robotwisdom )AnswerBus is to AskJeeves as Google is to AltaVista? I love this a local guy is building a gigantic gameboy.  Be sure to look at the construction photos! I can't wait to see progress on this. (Aside: This is a big payoff for my San Diego Bloggers page, this is one of the journals I found in my searches for San Diego journals. Cool. )Building a Giant Gameboy  Gameman! Steve passed this along to me a few years ago (March of 2000 by the timestamp on my copy of the file). I have it in my Zappa folder on my main computer, but I thought I'd add it to my Zappa Fan piece , and include it here in the blog. So here it is!



At the time I think I was living in San Diego, and I was 6 months old. At the time SDSU was "San Diego State College." It's a damn cool artifact.Mothers of Invention TicketFrom rini.org -- Chilling Effects.org Reported by rini.irg, Chilling Effects Clearinghouse is a mechanism to empower web folk who get the scary, classic Cease and Desist notes. I've gotten one of these myself, back in 1997. You can still find the questionable items in the Flash part of my portfolio, because hey, it was an example of my work, and still is. I was never pursued on the issue. Mind you, I'm not cavalier about such things - these must be assessed on a case-by-case basis. However, much of what lawyers produce is hot air. From rini...I've just spent the last two hours playing with Legos. It's been several years since I got them out. I'm a 31 year old man and I had a terrific time just playing. I'm not sure whether Legos are like composing in Photoshop or that composing in Photoshop is like Legos. I get the same feelings in both pursuits. I got ideas in my head about what I wanted to build, but as my composition progressed, other ideas presented themselves. What seemed like a good idea was discarded as an unanticipated effect would move up in prominence. Better, stronger, more funny, smoother ideas would pop out at me. It was definitely a creative process. The same process that I've done with these same Legos for about 25 years. I build, tear apart, discard, build -- in waves. Eventually order comes from chaos. The result comes from the intellect and from the gut. The result is the picture on the outside of the puzzle box. When I make new headers, like last night, I get the same feeling. The world around me disappears, and in that building time I am lost in the process. I can stand being thought childish if I can keep getting that feeling.Puzzles without PicturesIt's been a while since I did a new header. So here's one now! --archived link. All headers here. The photograph was part of a larger AVENCOM shoot by Paul Bowers, excellent and wonderful San Diego photographer.New HeaderDark Knight Returns (DK2 #3) will come out on Wednesday. I've talked about this before. The themes in this latest series are of media manipulation, surveillance, coercion, and of the compromises made to be part of "the establishment." I'm looking forward to this 3rd of 3 issues.Supposedly... For no particular reason, some of my favorite characters from fiction. Understand these choices of mine and it may help you understand me. Sefton (played by William Holden) / Stalag 17 Al Rockoff (played by John Malkovich) / Killing Fields Lt. Greenwald (played by Jos&eacute; Ferrer) / Caine Mutiny Gaff (played by Edward James Olmos) / Blade Runner Rorschach / Watchmen Colin Laney / Virtual LightMy Favorite Characters from Fiction. I checked it with The Oracle of Bacon at Virginia. I was an extra in Up From the Depths (1979) with Sam Bottoms Sam Bottoms was in Gardens of Stone (1987) with Elias Koteas Elias Koteas was in Novocaine (2001) with Kevin Bacon Therefore, my Bacon number is 3. What's this about?I have a Bacon number of 3. Enron Designed Fake Trading Floor - Former Employee Claims No Trades Transpired. ( via Tom Tomorrow )See also: The Sting, The Grifters. Amazing and appalling behavior. The lesson? The bigger the lie, the more likely it will be believed.The Long Con: Enron.One of the most searched for things on this site is for "Bebe Ads." Some time ago I became, well, obsessed about the wonderful photography contained in bebe ads. I've added some new ones, notably of Yamila Diaz, Nina Brosh, and Isabeli Fontana. I've also given them a home under the "fansite" directory of this domain. I have the larger versions of the ads stored on my free space of Cox.net. I tend to be highly paranoid about bandwidth usage, even though it's unlikely that I'll go over the limits set by my host. I had been using my space at members.aol.com, but that got flaky. I'm not sure if it was my content, or what, but at times the site would only work if I used the hometown.aol.com - which adds a frame of advertising. I don't care enough to investigate this, so I moved it off of AOL entirely.

That new url: http://artlung.com/fansite/bebe/Bebe Advertisements Site Updated and Moved. Chuck Jones, masterful maestro of many merrie melodies -- which is to say many Warner Bros. Cartoons -- died today. He will be missed. May his work live on.On a somber note. E.T. The Extra Terrestrial's questionable changes. No sir, I don't like it. Clean the thing up. Don't butcher it! What the hell are you thinking Steve? Terrorist -> Hippy Jenny's third day away. The cat looks at me like a detective -- "What have you done with her?" he seems to ask. He looks at the front door with circumspection. This will be a brief trip for Jenny, but her absence is definitely felt here in our humble household.. On the upside, I'm getting a lot done. But then, that's not everything, is it?Ennui(source)

Baby boomers--the cohort for whom Golden Age authors evoke fond recollections of childhood--currently dominate sf production and consumption. This supersized slice of the demographic pie has exerted hegemony over the pace and direction of cultural change for decades, but the Age of the Internet and the New Economy have, it seems to me, begun to dethrone them in favor of the 20- and 30-somethings who are as comfortable in the seething, mutating cultural ferment of the web as fish are in the sea. The Internet is perhaps the best symbol of everything disquieting to boomers (and their elders) about the present, including the generational divide with respect to technology.

(via bruces )She's Talking About Me! Scott Andrew speaks up for those who work the client side. Amen. I'm an odd case now, as I fit in both the server and client sides of the equation. But I like what he has to say about client-side experts. Lots of nuance on the client-side. It's generally underestimated by those whose focus is elsewhere. Likewise, those who work the client-side sometimes underestimate the server-side of web work. I think that kid is A-Okay.Preach it Brotha! on avencom.com.

Update February 2010: Since Avencom is gone, here's what that screen looked like back in 2002, thanks Internet Archive!:


My big ol' head... Links inbound to this blog are now available.Referer vs. Referrer, Part II.Civil Liberties Quote of the Day (source):

When your government, employer, landlord, merchant, banker and local sports team gang up to picture, digitize and permanently record your every activity, you are placed under unprecedented control. This is not some alarmist Orwellian scenario; it is here, now, financed by $20 billion last year and $15 billion more this year of federal money appropriated out of sheer fear.

By creating the means to monitor 300 million visits to the U.S. yearly, this administration and a supine opposition are building a system capable of identifying, tracking and spying on 300 million Americans. So far, the reaction has been a most un-American docility.Civil Liberties Quote of the Day If you have any interest in weblogs and search algorithms, you must read Google  Loves Blogs: How Weblogs Influence A Billion Google Searches A Week. I've been saying that without Google, I am not as smart as I am with it. Very often I will not so much know something as know where I have the answer stored. An example, for me to get lorem ipsum text for a project, from wherever I'm sitting at work, all I need to do it do a search for artlung greek. Blammo, there's my lorem ipsum for my project. Any number of items in my lab are just like that. In so doing I appear nearly clairvoyant to my co-workers. But like any good programmer, I am merely lazy. I have no need to memorize lorem ipsum. I have no need to keep a file with lorem ipsum on my desktop at work. But with a string of 13 letters and a click I get precisely what I need. Google is my command line to the web. And I think I am not alone."A sufficiently advanced Google search is indistinguishable from magic."This piece about Talking Heads and The Ramones  made me a little weepy. Nostalgia sucks.This piece about Talking Heads and The Ramones made me a little weepy...Kynn has posted an article covering in depth the recent Michael Moore book tour event in San Diego, check it out: Michael Moore vs. The Police, I had mentioned it a few days ago, and Moore himself has written about this interesting incident: Mike's Book Tour Diary: Police Raid, Shut Down My Book-signing in San Diego.

Jenny and I stepped out at about 7:45pm, far before the Police got called. Read Kynn's thing. I think the take-away for me is that in dissenting, we must take care to exercise good judgement. Tricky business, exercising our rights.More on Moore in San DiegoWhat I passed along in April of last year is closer to coming to pass with AOL client version 8.0, according to NewsForge:

Exclusive: AOL embraces Linux and Mozilla, plans to drop MS Explorer

So, if you've been Mozilla / Netscape6 / Gecko-phobic, time to step up to the plate and learn to code for the Mozilla rendering engine. And best practice is to code to standards and leave your browser-specific crud behind. There's a great deal to learn.What I passed along in April of last year...On Friday Jenny and I went to see Michael Moore on his book tour. He wrote Stupid White Men, which was nearly pulped, if not for the action of some stalwart librarians. Read about that on his site. There was an amazing turnout for conservative Navy town San Diego. The Middle School (auditorium? hall?) was filled, and Jenny and I were left outside. We got there maybe half an hour before his scheduled to speak, and they were already full. I'm not sure what the numbers were, but it was hundreds. Luckily, Mike took the time to speak to us (the slacking latecomers) before he went inside. He was inspiring, and charismatic, and funny. The book looks to be worth a look. Mike has a new round of acerbic satirical comment. He spoke about the process of getting the book to the public, and the state of the world, and had some intriguing questions he left us with about events related to 9/11. Michael Moore's Five Questions about 9/11 for George W Bush: 1. When domestic aviation was shut down after 9/11, there was one private airliner that was allowed to fly, a private jet, picking up members of the Bin Laden family, and taking them out of the USA. (ref: November 2001 / New Yorker / House of Bin Laden / by Jane Mayer url: http://www.newyorker.com/fact/content/?011112fa_FACT3 Why was this special permission allowed? 2. Your former oil company, Arbusto, was financed in part by the Bin Laden family, can you tell us more about this connection? 3. In this bbc article, it is mentioned that Afghanistan  might be the location of an oil pipeline. At the time Dick Cheney was the chairman of Halliburton, an oil and pipeline services company which had many dealings with UNOCAL. What is this about? 4. Why did the USA give the Taleban government $43 million in May of 2001in humanitarian aid and in part to support the Afghani poppy industry? 5. Several outlets have reported that Osama bin Laden needs, and gets Dialysis, why don't we hear more about this fact given that it may tend to impact how well he may or not be surviving our current offensives? I'm paraphrasing, but these are nice food for thought. Moore said he would be sending these questions along to his newsletter and would be posting them to his site. ...the right of the people peaceably to assemble...San Diego Bloggers page has been updated. The list is about a month old, some great blogs and journals on there. Updates: several new blogs, visit to check it out. Also, there are now indicators next to the blogs to show whether they include the badge, or a sidebar link. Also moved three links into a "on hiatus, or dead" area. I don't want to remove people, but when the blog is over, how to handle. Maybe the site needs something like a "hall of fame" area, for older links. I may have some kind of page of anyone who has mentioned and linked to it, though that might be harder to track. Although I do show current referers. I invite folks to provide feedback on San Diego Bloggers - I'm interested in other regionally based blog lists -- how other folks are handling (or not) this idea of regional lists. Seems to me that one of the major points of the internet is to collapse distance. Perhaps regionally based bloglists are retrogressive (opposite of progressive). But no matter, it's cool, so I'm going with it. It's fun!San Diego Blog Update."The story of Flash as told by its inventor Jonathan Gay" -- kind of neat. At my first web job we did lots of Splash work, crazy crazy stuff.

I have the old FutureSplash and Flash icons in my old resume (I'm not linking you to old resumes. Yuck. The brave and/or crazy may visit the archive if you want to see more ancient artlung stuff).

So here are the old icons: FutureSplash:


And here's the Flash 2 icon:



And if you want to see some of my old Flash stuff, go here. I keep saying that I'm going to get back into Flash. I have (what I think are) great ideas for some animations and interfaces - I suppose I'll eventually get to them. Lately though, I get more jazzed by wonderful clean sites, with clean, sparse markup and smart css. Meanwhile, Flash MX is the talk of the town.

As usual, so many ideas, so little time.

Let's do the Google Groups warp again: Here I am 5 years ago talking about having just downloaded FutureSplash. See, this is the stuff that makes me feel like an old web codger.:

Newsgroups: alt.html
From: artl...@earthlink.net (Joe Crawford)
Date: 1997/03/18
Subject: Re: FutureSplash site seeks beta testers
In article &lt;01bc33ca$66647040$LocalH...@vintage.stc.net&gt;, &quot;John Grimm&quot;
&lt;vint...@stc.net&gt; wrote:
&gt; Please give this site a shot and tell me what you think. It loads extremely
&gt; fast. I especially need to know how it looks on Netscape. Someone please
&gt; respond besides the one kind person who wrote and begged me to tell him how
&gt; it was done. I am an experienced html programmer. The first two pages are
&gt; what I need feedback from you on. They are done without html for the most
&gt; part. Cutting edge technology. Tell me what you think.

Err... what&#x27;s the url? I just d/l&#x27;d the futuresplash aniomator demo
recently and like what I see ... I&#x27;d be interested in general comments
about futuresplash/flash animator.
See ya!
__________________________________________________________
Joe Crawford  &gt; ArtLung = Artist + Respiratory Therapist &lt;
            &gt;       Los Angeles, California, USA       &lt;
mailto:artl...@earthlink.net
http://home.earthlink.net/~artlung/
__________________________________________________________
History of FlashWow. A buncha new inbound links to here.

The bombastic webertainer Oliver Willis and the very talented Ben Dyer have graciously added me to their sidebars. Thank you gentlemen!

Also, folks are linking to my lindows article, which is nice. Thanks camworld, Volker Weber, and sdlug.org!

Makes me feel not-so-bad to be missing SXSW this year. Fellow WebSanDiegans Caleb Clark and Kelly Abbott will be on panels this year. As are many other web luminaries linked from the sidebar of this site. Bruce Sterling is co-keynoting, and there's a movie about They Might Be Giants premiering.

Wowie zowie.Schnikes!In the lab:
camelCase &lt;-&gt; selector-case in JavaScript w/o Regular Expressions. Why? Because sometimes you gotta make stuff for no reason.New Silly Lab Item.So Bruce Sterling is the flavor of the moment of the blogging set for his Austin Chronicle article called Information Wants To Be Worthless. As usual he's smart, insightful, witty, and forces you to think. He's able to generate hope and cynicism at the same time. I love the guy. I'll just say that I've been talking about the guy to anyone who would listen to me since I read Islands in the Net in 1989. 1989 was 13 years ago. And with the net, I have proof! Here I am in 1997 talking about Bruce on usenet. For even more Bruce, do not miss the Bruce Sterling Online Index. Be sure to check the speeches. Those are my favorites. I'm not saying I told you so, but I told you so.My employer (AVENCOM) had a little incident, which has prompted me to post this new workplace policy.

Read it. Learn it. Live it. I'm very pleased to see an article on augmented reality, which is something similar to what I've been hoping for since I read Virtual Light in 1993. Here's a snippet where Sammy Sal is explaining to Chevette what they are:  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Those VL glasses. Virtual Light." &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;She'd heard of it, but wasn't sure what it was. "They expensive, Sammy Sal?" &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Shit, yes. 'Bout as much as a Japanese car. Not all that much more, though. Got these little EMP-drivers around the lenses. Work your optic nerves direct. Friend of mine, he'd bring a pair home from the office where he worked. Landscape architects. Put 'em on, you go out walking, everything looks normal, but every plant you see, every tree, there's this little label hanging there, what it's name is, Latin under that... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"But they're solid black." &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"Not if you turn them on, they aren't. Turn 'em on, they don't even look like sunglasses." Virtual Light Lindows.com, the Pitch is new article for my Words area. It's a distillation of my notes from a presentation given by Michael Robertson, CEO of Lindows at the local San Diego Linux Users Group meeting last month.New Words Even more bebe ads have been added to my bebe ads fansite. I particularly like the half dozen new Magdalena Wrobel images. Also added, two of James King, and one of Isabeli Fontana. The art directors and photographers of bebe do really nice work. The clothes rock too.New Bebe Ads Added Bill Rini has a smart take on slashdot's move to subscriptions. Bill Rini has a smart take on slashdot's move to subscriptions. Sign it. #556. (via mark martin)Mix it up, Cartoon Network. The estimable 'The Smoking Gun' has made Enron's Code of Ethics available online. You can't beat the internet for document sharing. We live in an appalling time. Airline safety is broken. Energy policy is broken. The educational system is broken. The music industry is broken. Popular culture is broken. Corporate behavior is largely unchecked. Political influence is for sale. How I manage to retain hope for my Nation, I'm not sure.Enron Ethics Manual If you need to deal with a mystery Cold Fusion server and you need to find out what version of Cold Fusion they are running, make a test.cfm file and put this in it: &lt;cfoutput&gt;#server.coldfusion.productVersion#&lt;/cfoutput&gt;. Then upload it to the server and view it. Voila!Cool CF Variable I didn't know about before today.Another San Diego Bloggers Badge user -- Organized Anarchy -- a cool blog by a local lawyer. Funny and insightful, that guy's a class act. Current Badgers: see: 3 2 1. San Diego Bloggers is not really a community though. I'm pondering ways to bring bloggers together. I suppose I should notify some of those folks that they're linked. See if there's any interest in socializing.Next!Christina looked pretty cute, according to the pictures provided at christinaaguilera.to. I think she's slowly learning to moderate her bad fashion choice habit. Can't wait to hear her new album. I liked the thing she did at the Winter Olympics, Infatuation.Christina Wins Grammy, Looks CuteNew badge at san diego bloggers. Anyone want to contribute more?New badge at san diego bloggers...via Mark Martin: The Doings of Daffy and Dandy. Mark Martin makes me laugh.via Mark Martin...I am hard pressed to think of a more delightful application of image recognition than the story Flo and her cat door. I present: Flo Control!I am hard pressed to think of a more delightful application... My theme lately at work  has been to rail against over-engineering. What's that, you ask? It's overthinking the architecture and overdoing the planning phase of a project. This is not to say that application architecture has no place. Planning and design is critical. However, the propensity one has, when programming, to try and account for every possible future enhancement to the software, creates a kind of paralysis, and takes one's eyes off the prize of getting stuff done for the project and for the client. I think of Joel Spolsky's  piece. I also think of the Einstein quote that things should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler. Words not just to program by, but to live by, I think. Over-engineering = The Enemy My favorite character on the animated show Powerpuff Girls is Miss Sara Bellum. She's the smartest character on the show, or at least the character with the most common sense. She's also very shapely, has a huge head of curly red hair. Interestingly, the creators made the decision to  never show her face. There's probably a treatise on Feminist Theory in the why of that decision. ...and the quote of the day: Flash, don't heckle the super-villain! &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; - Green Lantern, on JLCavalcade of Cartoon Network Commentary.Thanks to Charles I have an image for a new header [header permalink] for the blog. The goofy hat was made by jenny for the WebSanDiego.org Third Birthday. Nifty and goofy. You can see a cooler image of Charles on 3ones right now. Trip the light fantastic!

Editor's Note: check the image out below, extracted in 2016 from the internet archive:

New HeaderMichael Rapaport, he of Mighty Aphrodite, and I share the same birthday -- both date and year -- March 20, 1970. Some other folks of note who were born on March 20th (but not in 1970) include: Spike Lee, Holly Hunter, William Hurt, Hal Linden, Tracy Chapman, and Carl Reiner.

I used to be quite proud to proclaim that I shared a birthday with Mister Rogers, but the imdb has a different date. A profile of Rogers in salon from 1999 shows March 20th, as does the New York times.

Other things of note about March 20th? John Lennon and Yoko Ono were married on this day in 1969.  Today is the vernal equinox, the first day of Spring. This Day in Music History from canoe.ca. On This Day in 1995, (NYT) Aum Shinrikyo gassed the Tokyo Subway.

On a completely other note, in 1970, the Unix Operating System was still being born. Unix time is measured in seconds since "the epoch," which is the 00:00:00 UTC on January 1, 1970.Useless Information About My B-DayI wondered about local blog lists / associations -- and found some interesting ones: Dallas/Fort-Worth Weblogs (thanks Ben!) and Austin Weblogs, there's also Beltway Bloggers.Regional/City Blog Lists Lindows.com says ruling is first win in Microsoft battle (archived lynx dump), a story from the SDDT, includes a quote from my article on Lindows. To any reporters reading this: I'm happy to be a resource on stories, just drop me a line. I also know a great deal of technical San Diego folks, and can sometimes help steer you toward good sources in the web development and dot com world here in San Diego.Quoted in San Diego Daily Transcript; Note on Being a Resource New Ronny Vardy Art! at Scarlet Letters. I updated the Ronny Vardy fansite with the link. Some good new stuff!Ronny Vardy Update! I am happy to be back at home, and away from the hyper-world funhouse of Las Vegas. I think Jenny is glad to be back home as well. I found myself thinking of the "User Interface" of Las Vegas and casinos, and how they compare to other "created" environments. Los Angeles' CityWalk and Disneyworld definitely come to mind. I did a great deal of thinking about how Las Vegas exploits human desire and the human tendency to engage in magical thinking. I feel a a new essay at the edges of my thinking. The downside is that tackling casinos and Las Vegas may be too ambitious. So don't make any wagers that I'll get that out of my system anytime soon.Left Las Vegas WebSanDiego.org will be 3 years old on Tuesday. Come to the party! In other news, I'll be 32 on Wednesday.It's a Party!MacOS X from a Linux and OSS Perspective There's a great article on LinuxJournal site about MacOSX. It's by Doc Searls and Brent Simmons.MacOS X from a Linux and OSS Perspective I've updated my Border Style Experiment in the lab. You can now tweak the width AND the style of the borders. Very fun to explore what the various style settings end up looking like. You can also cut and paste the source code. It would also be a nice way to text how the borders look on various browsers as well. Enjoy!Lab Update! Bill Kelley has what look like some great photos available for sale from his site. The subject of the photos? Folks at Apple, especially Steve Jobs, circa 1977, demoing the Apple ][.Some Great Photos I've been thinking about my old job, Jamison/Gold Interactive (no link, they got bought by a big IT Company and crumpled up and blew away) a lot lately. They were a boutique web outfit in Los Angeles, and did excellent Web/Interactive Design. Some news on some of the participants in that place: Brett Walker, Designer, Director guru, Flash guru, is on the market as a designer, but off the market as a single person. He's engaged! That's so cool. So, go to his site, congratulate him on his engagement, and offer him a job! Joe Toledo (The Ferreteer), Producer, Gamer, Encyclopedia of Media, cranky movie critic, sometime Screenwriter, now works for Ubisoft (I think I have that right). He's getting married this weekend, and Jenny and I will be attending (Vegas!). He rocks. Steve Sigler, Creative Director, Designer, daddy. He's the first guy I ever met who could hack html like geek, and design like crazy too. He recently redesigned his site, and I (bad Joe!) have not checked it out like I want to. Meanwhile, at my current job, we had coffee (read: quasi-semi-interview) with someone who worked with a boutique web place in San Francisco at the height of the boom. The descriptions this person gave of their working environment got me thinking more about J/G. What worked, what didn't. The passage of time makes us idealize things, certainly. But it also brings to mind, for me, a fuller appreciation for what it was about. There may be lessons for me and my employer in thinking of the various events of J/G. Old Home Weekend rudy ".ca" limeback points to some excellent SQL resources: a(n) SQL Validator and a list of SQL Reserved Words.MMMMMMM, SQL Stuff.Based on the referrers this blog gets, I get a lot of hits from people wanting to find the Strokes / Christina Aguilera remix/mutation called "A Stroke of Genius" by the Freelance Hellraiser. The original thing I blogged in January is down. Unfortunately, you're probably going to have to use Gnutella or something like it. I have a hard time finding it myself. And I'm good at searching for stuff. No mp3s for download on artlung.com.

Sorry.

UPDATE: More about The Freelance HellraiserCan't do nuttin' for ya manDog breath smells like dog breath.REMINDER:Boxes and Arrows, a magazing about Information Architecture and User Experience, has launched. I'll be checking it out.Boxes and Arrows... Sometimes simple is best. Here's a great use of the web to expose multi-level marketing: Work From "Home". ( via camworld). Lots of links to external sites and resources, plainspoken, photos documenting key points. One might even call this journalism.Excellent use of the web I really like this site's design: c-level. The colors are fun and rich. The faux layers under Los Angeles make for a fun, easy to understand interface. Clean and nice. Gives me some ideas for future projects, certainly. (via Jeff's Loungespot) a great simple design One of My Favorite Links to ArtLung.com is usa.pchome.com.tw/art/artists/designer/graphic_designers/. Gotta love inbound links in Chinese. I've often thought of maintaining a fully translated site. Perhaps be part of a network that maintains translations of personal sites and blogs. More readers is more readers, right? I wonder what such a network would look like.

One of My Favorite Links to ArtLung.com... From WP:  But the senior defense official explained yesterday that the Air Force combat controller was using a Precision Lightweight GPS Receiver, known to soldiers as a "plugger," to calculate the Taliban's coordinates for a B-52 attack. The controller did not realize that after he changed the device's battery, the machine was programmed to automatically come back on displaying coordinates for its own location, the official said. Minutes before the fatal B-52 strike, which also killed five Afghan opposition soldiers and injured 18 others, the controller had used the GPS receiver to calculate the latitude and longitude of the Taliban position in minutes and seconds for an airstrike by a Navy F/A-18, the official said. Then, with the B-52 approaching the target, the air controller did a second calculation in "degree decimals" required by the bomber crew. The controller had performed the calculation and recorded the position, the official said, when the receiver battery died. Without realizing the machine was programmed to come back on showing the coordinates of its own location, the controller mistakenly called in the American position to the B-52. The JDAM landed with devastating precision.  My Comment: The way I read it, the soldier using the device did not know the implications of changing the battery. Seems like he was assuming that state was preserved when the battery was changed. More, it looks like the device does not give feedback that that is what it's doing when you need to change the battery.Some web searches turned up the device - the Precision Lightweight GPS Receiver / "Plugger" : Link 1 Link 2 Very unfortunate. I feel very lucky to not work with interfaces whose malfunction and misunderstanding are likely to end in death and destruction.User Interface Misunderstanding in BattleVolunteer San Diego. Interesting. Sheesh, I have a lot of links lately. Building up I suppose.Volunteer San Diego...Betty Page: The Complete Interview CD, sounds really cool. Betty Page, a pinup queen from the 1950s and 1960s, was one of my earliest net.culture discoveries. I first came across her while browsing the net, then later went looking for books and other materials. She's been completely unavailable for televised interviews, other than her voice. As I understand it, she does not want to "sully" the memory of how she looked then with how she looks now as an elderly woman. I think I do want to see her. There's a kind of vitality that comes through in the photographs of her. I can see a fun-loving spirit shining through. She also seems to have a dose of irony. She let's you know she's in on the game. Granted, it's just cheesecake/fetish photography, but it seems like she had some empowerment going on.Betty Page...Hmmm .... Chinese Bootlegged Star Wars Series DVDs. No thanks.Hmmm ...Information graphics do make a difference, Tufte would be proud.Information graphics do make a difference...San Diego Neighborhoods Map, from the City of San Diego. Useful. There seem to be more neighborhoods here in San Diego since the various times when I was growing up here.San Diego Neighborhoods Map...Have I mentioned that I think the show Samurai Jack is gorgeous?Have I mentioned that I think the show Samurai Jack is gorgeous? I've been collecting URLs as usual. And it's gotten ahead of me. Time to release these into the wild. Great tutorials on Apache and OSX from O'Reilly: Apache Web Serving with MacOS X; and an overview of Open Source Databases, from Apple. Something on Cold Fusion: DeDup was a cold fusion function I found useful a few weeks ago at work. cflib.org is a great resource side. And some links on the CHI tip: A collection of essays by Don Norman, he of The Design of Everyday Things fame. He also loves the new iMac. And on another note: The Jack Principles, guidelines for designing interactive television programs, based on the game You Don't Know Jack! Also, local (to San Diego) discussion group SandCHI (San Diego Computer-Human Interaction). And three on Security: DSL and Cable Modem Security; On the Security of PHP; Results, Not Resolutions:  A guide to judging Microsoft's security progress And on design:A Designer's Guide to Making Your Own Stock Photography (for non-photographers), which appears to be what Jon Sullivan is up to these days. And on writing and pictographic systems Omniglot: a guide to writing systems. I have always been fascinated by the written word. I used to do calligraphy. I used to try and mimic the writing of others, or the "alphabetic" systems of languages that don't use our A to Z alphabet. Chinese characters, Cyrillic, Japanese Hiragana and Katakana. It's fascinating that these are alien to me, but for millions of people these are as second nature as M and P are to me. Geek Out Brain Dump!I had no idea that Jeff's Loungespot had gotten slashdotted. I had mentioned it before that. But he's back now, better than ever I think!San Diego Blogger Slashdotted!The song most on my mind in the past 96 hours is: Wild Love. Last month Flaming Moe's suited me perfectly. Things are improving though. &lt;obscure-reference&gt;G-Guh!&lt;/obscure-reference&gt;The song most on my mind in the past 96 hours is... I wonder, does CAA, Talent Agency to the stars, have the briefest home page around? I think they might even qualify for the 5k contest. I wonder...Some time ago I asked about net libel and defamation. the head lemur provided some great information:  Libel "Libel and slander are legal claims for false statements of fact about a person that are printed, broadcast, spoken or otherwise communicated to others.  Libel refers to statements in written or other permanent form, while slander refers to verbal statements and gestures. The term defamation encompasses both libel and slander."

See:

Libel FAQs
Active EFF Legal Cases and Efforts
Electronic Frontier Foundation Defends More Anonymous Critics
NY Supreme Court Rules Online Coverage Protected Speech
Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation


Some time ago I asked about net libel and defamation... Jamie Zawinski has an interesting take (as a coder and as a nightclub owner) on webcasting and the music industry. I'm not certain of all the numbers he runs, but his explanations of the rules around webcasting seem like very practical advice -- Webcasting Legally: The issues of intellectual property, fair use, individual rights and the like appear to be going nuts in this country. I'm nearly at the proverbial tipping point in terms of my own activism on these issues. From the Dmitri case, DeCSS, to Scientology documents issues, the DMCA, SSSCA, and many others, I'm starting to think nobody is speaking up with effectiveness for rational public discourse on these issues. I think if people realized what was actually happening with this stuff they'd be outraged. But we're all so numb from other national issues that we're missing the fact that the Entertainment business is moving to create an entirely pay-per-view culture as fast as they can. What do you think? In response to this, Kelly Abbott posted to websandiego a pointer to Interactive Art by way of SXSW. About it he says: The article discusses the culture of art as it pertains to the Internet. As such, it scans copyright law by way of Lawrence Lessig's keynote address on the first day of SXSW. Other pertinent links: Taming the Consumer's Computer The Anti-Mammal Dinosaur Protection Act a letter to your representative ALERT: Oppose SSSCA; Support Intel's Bravery: A Bad Law and a Sneaky Process Anti-Copy Bill Hits D.C. The Future of Music digitalconsumer.org Where Music Will Be Coming From Jamie Zawinski has an interesting take...this code is equivalent between postgresql and mysql:

mysql:
create table crawford_addresses (
  id int(10) auto_increment primary key, ... );

postgresql:
create table "crawford_addresses" (
  id serial , primary key ("id"), ... );geek out! Jenny was playing The Best of Cat Stevens on the stereo last night. "Morning has broken" inspired this post. It sounded like the apartment when I was growing up in Alhambra, California. Other useless musical facts about me: I bought the Sergio Mendes Brasil '66 CD (the one with "Waters of March") and The Best of the Doobie Brothers for reasons I think can only be called "nostalgia" for my parents' music. My mother tells me that my father bought all the records.Nostagiarific So yesterday was the 14 year anniversary of an event which changed my life immeasurably. I find myself wanting to share it with the world but in the end it was and is a private affair. Had it happened today perhaps the people involved would have blogged it, and there would be a record of it. But there is not. I'm rather glad nobody knows about it, it was intensely embarrassing and painful. I wrote an email to apologize for the event to send to one of the other people involved, but in the end reaching out was simply not right and would be an intrusion on this other person's life. Even blogging about it feels selfish, but no matter, it's significant and was on my mind. None of this makes sense to anyone but me, and maybe half a dozen other people on the planet. Summation. some thoughts are private, and intense, and important enough that they must by their very nature stay private. It's all well and good to share your life with the public, but one must know that there are boundaries between what is public and what is private. Those borders may be fuzzy, but they are most definitely there. Unsent mail, private thoughts. hokey spokes - have messages, designs, etc appear in your bike spokes. nifty, tiny technology.If I biked:David Hasselhoff - Hooked on a Feeling. So bad, it's bad. (via [i.am.who] via SDBloggers )David HasselhoffApple CEO Gil Amelio to speak in San Diego -- check techvisionaries.org for details. I'm going I'm pretty sure.Apple CEO Gil Amelio to speak in San Diego Happy Anniversary, Baby / got you on my mind. Can you believe it? ...three years of Married adventures. Thanks for marrying me, honey.only for Jenny... Some housekeeping here. Individually archived blog pages now have "next" and "previous" links to aid navigation and wayfinding. Yes, I said "navigation and wayfinding." As if I can't fancy up my nomenclature? Perish the thought! Also added a piece to words from November, Jenny helped me out with making it coherent. I originally wanted it to be timely, but six months on, it's a bit dated. Luckily, I have other more current ideas in my head, and I may even follow through on them. And in yet another addition, the Referers page has been cleaned up a bit. Oh, and in yet another note, the archives links in the lower left of the navigation are now driven by a php script, rather than by blogger - whose archive link pages are ugly, and due to some bug sometimes, at random, make some of the links disappear. My bespoke script works pretty well. If there's interest I may put it into the lab part of the site, or just drop me a line. Up early again. Today's going to be busy at work. I also have several projects in the pipeline I'm behind on. Catching up as best I can. Housekeeping & MiscellanyNo Maps for These Territories, a documentary about William Gibson is now out on DVD.No Maps for These Territories Oil and The Middle East: Why U.S. Foreign Policy Has To Change by Bill Christison is a great, matter-of-fact distillation of how we got to where we are in the Middle East since World War II. It mentions an agreement with the Saudi Royal family made by FDR which I had never heard of. It's excellent reading. You know, things in the world are hellaciously, hideously, unreservedly chaotic. I don't talk about politics much. I wonder sometimes if I use this venue to the fullest extent. Am I talking about the right things? What responsibility do I have to my very-few readers. What responsibility do I have to posterity? People, children, are dying today in Isreal, Palestine, and elsewhere. I have no wisdom to offer for this other than obviously things are broken. Of course, if you're reading this in English you're probably not living in a repressive regime. You probably live in a Western democracy. We are the elite of the world. All I ask is that you consider the role you play in your government. I ask you to consider the role your government plays in world affairs. If you dislike the role it takes, I ask you to do something about it. To get involved, to pay attention, and to act. But not just act as part of a herd. Be cautious of those whose cries are a bit too loud, and too certain. Beware of voices of vociferous anger -- excessive emotion clouds judgement -- beware of pundits bearing simple solutions. And hey, let's be careful out there.What, Politics? Me?SpecialKnittingForces.org, via my Wife, and originally from my Grandmother from a Parade Magazine clipping. An interesting idea. Jenny has been knitting -- and with great facility -- in the past few months. She made me a gray scarf with burgundy stripes. For someone who is essentially self-taught, she does great work. She also made a black, fuzzy one for herself that reminds me of Grover.SpecialKnittingForces.orgI've updated the words section of the site.I've updated the words section of the site.This nostalgic piece on the Amiga from the always interesting Ftrain.com reminds me of my own.This nostalgic piece on the AmigaThe linkilicious Radical Bender's "Message for Now" reminds me of something.The linkilicious Radical Bender's... Harry Shearer is the best. On Fresh Air, listen to him talk about his new movie Teddy Bear's Picnic (a spoof of Bohemian Grove), The Oscars, Show Business, and the peculiar fact that current satirists usually end up flattering the satirized. He also gets in a tiny mention of Gene Simmons on Fresh (possibly-apocraphally infamous).  Well worth a listen (requires RealAudio). Harry!From camworld and clint l (robotic.com) and meryl and of course the lemur.Thanks For The Plugs! They're lining up at Grauman's Chinese For Star Wars 5, Er... Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones.  Which reminds me of my Super Simple Countdown in PHP and of course my ancient R2.Fun fact: I was living in Alhambra California in 1977 with my parents. My Mom was pregnant with my sister. My Dad took me to see it when Star Wars first came out, at  Grauman's Chinese. That was definitely one of the experiences that drove me back to California from Virginia to be a part of the movies. I inadvertently got sucked into a passion for all things internet and web, and, here I am. Lines & Grauman's & Unintended Consequences Howdy Pixelview readers! And thanks much to the head lemur for the opportunity to pontificate, and for providing a venue to such a neat array of web folk to talk about who they are and what they do.Welcome Pixel Viewers! WeHaveTheWayIn.com is a great response to WeHaveTheWayOut.com, which has had so much drama of late.wehavethewayIN.com Dang. Ever have a moment of realization like "Where have I been to have missed this?" While I've been nattering on about about xhtml vs. html; tables vs. CSS for layout; PostGRE or MySQL or Oracle or SQL Server; Advogato has been discussing things of real importance. Check a few recent entries: Trust Metrics (which have uses anywhere there are many contributors and you want to have moderated distributed discussion, and applies to other systems as well), "Translation Memory" - Global, Free Repository?, Censor-proof global publishing. Check them out.Instant addition to the sidebar: ADVOGATOTomorrow morning my friend Vince will go in for surgery to address a tumor in his head near his pituitary gland. Vince is the fellow on the right in this picture. Vince was a big mentor to me in Respiratory School, and in some ways I was to him too. We have had many very good times, including a great time in San Francisco. Vince came out from Virginia for a conference at Stanford on Sleep Studies. I flew up and we hung out. He let me drive the rental car because I'm the City Mouse who can drive in cities. He's the country mouse who can four-wheel drive in snow and in dirt roads. I can't hope to capture all this man means to me in a single blog entry. I'm so proud of Vince, and all he's done in his life. He went from being just a fun-time guy, and has become one of the most serious and dedicated Respiratory Therapists I've ever met. Trust me, I've met many. Plus, he married one of the cooler and smarter women I've ever met, and they have a wonderful son, Jared together. Here's a news item about him from 1992, from a teeny tiny paper in Virginia. And here's a great picture of Vince and Jared. Vincenzo, I'm thinking about you.Ramble about Vince I love how Microsoft sounds desperate in this news item: Microsoft Still Trying to Stop Windows. And hey kids, have you read my analysis of the Lindows.com pitch yet? Well you should.More LindowsSpicy bowl noodle = Noodle goodness.Nong Shim makes a lovely noodle bowl and has a great looking website in Korean. That is, the Korean website is lovely; the one in English is lame. I have been eating these for lunch lately, and they are great. Frankly, I think I've scared my co-workers with my obsession with Hot & Spicy Bowl Noodle. But no matter. They're tasty.Bowl NoodleThis is an interesting story on teaching teenage criminals, and their psychology and social structure.This is an interesting story on teaching teenage criminals Last night there was a thing on VH1 about the PMRC hearings called Warning: Parental Advisory. My hopes had been low for this, but I was hopeful that at least Frank Zappa might be characterized interestingly (I am a fan). But it was pretty much awful all around. It also made Dee Snider (who played himself!) and John Denver look buffoonish, and seemed to miss the seriousness of the affair. I understand that in drama you tweak things for dramatic effect, but the film was full of mischaracterizations and nonsense. The wonderful thing about the web is that you can find the full testimony online. Dee, Frank, and Denver all have great things to say in their testimony. So go ahead and read the transcripts, they're really fun reading, as it happens. Zappa Testimony: [51] [52] [53] [54] [55] [56] [57] [58] [59] [60] [61] Frank Zappa Statement: [61] [62] [63] [64] John Denver Testimony: [64] [65] [66] [67] [68] [69] [70] [71] [72] Dee Snider Statement: [72] [73] [74] [75] [76] [77] [78] [79] [80] [81] [82]PMRC Too-Redux'd; Read More About It! Random Thought Last Night: I was at the store and thinking that the key people to think of when trying to raise awareness as an online activist are Ralph Nader (consumer advocacy, serious research); Gandhi (tolerance, love for fellow man); and Edward Tufte (obsessive focus on communicating effectively). Site Tweaks: The Ronny Vardy Fansite was updated, I added even more lyrics (Stew's Giselle) to the Smorgasborg, and I also tweaked that page a bit, adding dates to many items, and trimming away a thing or two. As I add dates to it, it starts looking like older blog entries. Lyrics, noteworthy items, links, quotes. But then any site ordered by time starts looking like a weblog, I think. Maybe it's this, weblogs are just like the best websites, where you pack lots of loosely related stuff together, and the result is an interesting hodgepodge. Random Thought Last Night:I'm watching Tammy Bruce (discussing her book)on C-SPAN and she's really good. I disagree with her a lot, but you have to love pro-gun pro-choice feminists who can count Dr. Laura as a colleage and friend. Her argument is excellent. She's standing for individual, personal, civil liberties. She argues that if you have a cause, then do the research to back up your cause. If your personal beef is with "liberal bias in the media" then you should be prepared, in public debate, to come up with the details and specifics. If you can't, you look like a clown. Just saying something does not make it so. You must be able to back it up! I like how she puts it -- I want you to be able to own why you think what you think. Amen. Do your homework, whatever your pursuasion. Everything else is whining.I'm watching Tammy Bruce (discussing her book)on C-SPAN"The fact that inhumanity is coupled with so much stupidity makes one feel almost optimistic in a dangerous way." &nbsp;&nbsp;- Erich HeckeQuote of the DayHow kooky is it that my San Diego Bloggers page is #4 in a google search for bloggers?How kooky is it that my San Diego Bloggers page is #4 in a google search for bloggers? The point is, stop killing people&nbsp;&nbsp;- Mitch Wagner If you don't speak up and let yourself be heard, you lose the power to shape the debate&nbsp;&nbsp;- Oliver Willis Mike says, "the equivocation and silence of the non war bloggers is deafening." I fail to see equivocation in standing foursquare against killing. But I do agree that the silence is deafening, or at least creepy. Frankly, it's fearful. These are not safe times to oppose war. Blogging is personal. All of us, regardless of our opinions, are highly exposed. &nbsp;&nbsp;- Doc SearlsQuotes of the Moment &raquo;A review from the L.A. Weekly &raquo;New live in-studio appearance on KCRW &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(seriously worth a listen if you want to check out Stew) &raquo;Bio of Stew from Smile RecordsAnd yet more Stew! Can't resist. Stew records never include lyrics, so it's up to the fans. It's not that they're particularly profound, they just do the job. So here are the lyrics to The Naked Dutch Painter.Another Stew Transcription! it is a small world It is indeed a small world. I've added Pleonasm and Ms. Hacker's Hummina Hummina! to San Diego Bloggers. I found pleonasm via the SDBloggers Referers. it is a small world In San Diego, or Just looking for a job? Check this: Anita's Recommended Job Websites.Anita's a very important member of WebSanDiego.org, and also has a blog, a business consultancy as a Search Engine Guru, and two eBooks. San Diego Jobs! Meet Anita! I've been putting entirely random items into the Smorgasborg since at least early 1999. I don't add them very often, because I have this blog. My rationale for the smorgasborg was This is a bunch of stuff I have no idea what to do with. So I figured: hey! I'll put 'em up on the dang web! -- and with that, I offer the complete lyrics to North Bronx French Marie aka Punk Rock T-Shirt Melting. I am a huge fan of absurdist lyrics. My fandom of They Might Be Giants and Frank Zappa are evidence of that. I think what's different about the lyrics of Stew/Negro Problem is tone and heft. I think that rather than having irony and satire as an endpoint, Stew's work embraces irony and wordplay, but does not simultaneously reject what's serious and emotional. Some of their work is silly, but much of it is melancholy and funny at the same time. I suppose that's a pretty good description of me sometimes. Probably that's what drew me to their work in the first place.New Smorgasborg Item; Etc. I bought the new Stew record yesterday on my lunch hour, The Naked Dutch Painter &amp; Other Songs. So far, it's great. My favorite song is Punk Rock T-Shirt Melting, which has been renamed as North Bronx French Marie. Jenny and I have it from the Sweetboot official bootleg. Best lyric: Tonight I sleep with television / The warm talkative lover / Sexy Electric. This'll be on my headphones at work for the indefinite while. Jenny and I have seen Stew/The Negro Problem maybe 3 or 4 times live, they're always good. I've talked about Stew before on artlung.com -- search for Stew&raquo; and The Negro Problem&raquo;New Audio! The Bebe Fansite has been updated with 5 new images of Isabeli Fontana. (They're from a person who claims the blue/limo images are not Fontani. Decide for yourself. And ladies, if you are so inclined, go buy something on bebe.com!Bebe Update! I'm gross and perverted I'm obsessed 'n deranged I have existed for years But very little has changed I am the tool of the Government And industry too For I am destined to rule And regulate you I may be vile and pernicious But you can't look away I make you think I'm delicious With the stuff that I say I am the best you can get Have you guessed me yet? Well, I'm the slime oozin' out From your TV set You will obey me while I lead you And eat the garbage that I feed you Until the day that we don't need you Don't go for help...no one will heed you Your mind is totally controlled It has been stuffed into my mold And you will do as you are told Until the rights to you are sold Joe's Comment: media must serve us, not the other way around. And oh yeah, I like that Zappa fellow.Lyric of the Day, From Mr. Zappa, 1973 or so.I'm listening to the song Son of Mr. Green Genes by Frank Zappa from Hot Rats and it sounds glorious. On the way home from worked I visited Jenny at work, went to the comic book store. Dark Knight Returns (DK2) #3 is still not out. I've been waiting for it patiently since February. I picked up something I had had on my Amazon Wish List -- Part II of the Little Annie Fanny collection. Then home to the excitement of the cat and of course email and Frank Zappa. Tomorrow morning, racquetball!Friday's Useless Musings Spinhead's egbdf.info is shaping up as a great music blog. I added it to san diego bloggers as well. Spinhead's egbdf.info is shaping upMy DVD copy of the William Gibson documentary No Maps for These Territories came yesterday. It's nifty, and has lots more of Gibson chattering on about things like the future, Crack cocaine, the past, and drug gangs. Also more Bruce Sterling! I ordered it on Sunday when I blogged it Sunday. Nice UPS turnaround. I'll be watching it all again soon.My DVD copy of the William Gibson documentary...Slideshow Plus is a new lab item. Enjoy!Slideshow Plus is a new lab item. Enjoy!Gateway  launches campaign for rights in digital music. This is a good move. I hope other technology companies will take stands like this. Check this Starting Saturday, all 277 Gateway(R) stores will give away CD-R blanks (limit three per customer, while supplies last). This Saturday and Sunday at 4 p.m. local time, all Gateway stores also will host free digital music clinics -- one-hour presentations on how to burn CDs, work with music software, and more.  - more at Gateway Digital Music Zone.Gateway launches campaign for rights in digital music.Lindows Sneak Preview 2 is available.Lindows Sneak Preview 2 is available.John Dean, of Watergate and Blind Ambition fame, will reveal the name of Deep Throat in June. Interesting.John Dean... Jenny's New Shirt. Cute! Jenny's New Shirt. Cute! New Apple product - geared to education: Apple eMacInteresting.Lots of interesting chatter about SOAP, XML, APIs, and Web Services right now:

Google's Gaffe
(this article asks if Google's API is overly complicated by SOAP)

SOAP Wars
(the converse take)

The always interesting Shirky with another take on Web Services/APIs

SOAP vs. REST (Representational State Transfer)

REST and Web Services

Some interesting reading. Though I'm not sure where any of this is going. I think Shirky has the best thing to say about Web Services - which is that it's an infrastructure, not a business model. Ain't nobody gonna get rich on this stuff, but it's an interesting way to get coordination and communication between net entities which otherwise have no direct interaction.Mmm, SOAPy Something from an interview with Harry Shearer, from March 2002: Let's get back to politics. How about Dick Cheney having to hand over documents about his energy task force and policies? A step in the right direction? If you live long enough, one of the rewards is to get the privilege of seeing each political cliche mouthed in turn by partisans from each side. So that the same people who were desperately demanding that we know chapter and verse about Hillary Clinton's top-secret healthcare task force are now saying, "No, no, no, confidentiality, it's an important principle." And vice versa. It explains why, or it's a consequence of the fact that most of our politicians are trained as lawyers. Because that's exactly what lawyers are trained to do: Take this side, all right, now take this side. That's what they do. And anybody who thinks that they're doing anything else is welcome to bid for some Enron stock certificates on eBay, because that is the game. Something from an interview with Harry Shearer, from March 2002: Lone Wolf and Cub was an amazing comic book. It's having a resurgence in a small, portable format, from Dark Horse comics. I have some of the original tranalations, done under the brand of First Comics, now out of business, and they're really good. I'm glad to see Dark Horse revive this comic.Lone Wolf and Cub Kind of interesting to see two of my pastimes intersect -- blogging and Law &amp; Order-- tonight's second Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent was about a teenage figure bearing a striking resemblance to the Kaycee Nicole Affair. Law & Order: Kaycee NicoleCan't stop transcribin': Re-hab by Stew. If I can't find it on the net, I gotta put it up. Nyeah.Can't stop transcribin': I've posted my transcription of the song The Drug Suite (I Must've Been High / I'm Not On a Drug / Arlington Hill) from the latest Stew record. This makes 5 of the 9 (official) tracks. Usually when I get a record I find the lyrics have been posted somewhere and I can just let it slid, but dagnabbit, someone has to be a fan of Stew. The new record is so great. I love how it includes Stew live set banter like this -- "i was thinking - um -  don't you wish there was like another picture of Che Guevara. i'm thinking like, it woulda been like one of him at a birthday party with a bunch of nine-year olds with milk coming out of his nose cause he just laughed a joke somebody told." Stew rocks.Transcription-mania!I just realized I can do spellcheck in Pine, my unix mailer. How I managed to assume Pine could not do spellcheck for 4 years escapes me. I feel like a dunderhead.I just realized I can do spellcheck in Pine Longtime readers know that I'm a Christina Aguilera fan, and follow what's up with this young popstar. This recent interview with Allure Magazine is a nice update. Nice to see her realizing that she got overexposed, and overworked last year. I remember for a while that any time she'd appear on TV she looked so tired. I would note this to Jenny; now, Jenny's not particularly interested, but she generally agreed. My hope is that Christina will get a rational schedule for the promotion of her new record. The new record, which I'm looking forward to. The inclusion of an Etta James cover can't help but be a good sign. Hey, Xtina can sing, aiight? Though I am appalled that she mentioned her 11 piercings (ugh!), it is sort of interesting to ponder where they all might be. *chuckle*Christina Update One of the funniest, saddest things I've seen in a while is Bill Rini's photos from Internet World 2002 in Los Angeles.Sign O' The Times And it was very fun. I hope it works well for you. about the redesign, I use kottke's silkscreen font. I also did work in Painter drawing with a virtual brush to do the lettering. The CSS and xhtml works well in Netscape 6/Windows and IE6/Windows, there will be inevitable tweaks when I check other browsers and platforms, but I'm pretty happy with it. Now, I've had "kitties thinking" in my sig for a while, but the kitty that was featured on the previous splash is gone, so I need to update my sig on all my various mail programs. Where's the kitty that was here, do you ask? She's in the portfolio. I'm still not sure if I should archive the old splash pages publicly. Anyway, I hope you like it.Splash Page Redesign! Tired. Need to get up early. Why am I still up? Stupidity. Big pitch for work tomorrow. Wish us luck. And wish me good-night.In Brief adflip.com - where I found this ad featuring Bill Cosby and my old computer, the TI-99 - which I've talked about before.Cool find of the day: adflip.com Open Letter to E*Trade, by Bill Rini. I highly recommend Mr. Rini for this position. (Can I be on the Board of Directors?)Oh that Rini! Whoa, cool, MeFi and evolt.org profiled! Usability: The Site Speaks for Itself. Two of the most significant independently created websites out there, MetaFilter and evolt.org, are profiled in this new book, which I will definitely be picking up. It couldn't happen to a nicer couple of sites. MeFi and the 'volt are both examples of the fact that anyone with sufficient drive can create unique and engaging websites. One need not spend millions of venture capital money to build wonderful things. Kudos to both sites! Whoa, coolWent to see Tenacious D and the Strokes tonight with Jenny and Ewon. It was pretty good. Not too much to say about that. Turns out, I've seen a lot of concerts in my life. I'd better hit the hay; it's very late.Went to see Tenacious D and the Strokes tonight with Jenny and Ewon.Stray Lyrics, from Talking Heads: i can answer your questions if you won't twist what i say please respect my opinions they will be respected some day because we don't need love i believe that we don't need love there'll come a day when we won't need loveStray Lyrics, from Talking Heads:The word of the day for Monday was: cuckold.The word of the day for Monday was: cuckold. I'm married to -- well -- separated from -- a linguist - but this is so cool! -- Gadget converts woofs into words: The Bowlingual: If Dr Dolittle can't make animals talk, perhaps Japanese toy maker Takara can. Now we need one for a cat!Bowlinguist Cocoa Krispies Memory, and a Kite in Santa Monica.memory lane spinhead's rocking egbdf.info music blog is now wearing a san diego blogger badge. new badge wearer! She read some previous entries in my blog and had this to say: As for sobbing. I think it's healthy under the circumstances. Screaming in the car is good too, very punk rock. How cool is that?Why My Sister Rocks, '02 Mike Roufa  says: relationships are like playing jenga on the side of a hill I think he's a wise man.Why, that's almost Zen! A few notes on the Current State of the (Marital) Union, and some on the State of my Psyche. Today was hard. I was on edge and feared breaking into tears several times. I have reached out to many people who I feel may have insight for me into how things got the way they are for Jenny and me. Essentially, there are no easy answers, but the advice I get is to use common sense, don't make rash statements and judgements, don't push too hard on Jennifer, and give her space. Moreover, I am told that my ideas for crazy and stupid stunts are crazy and stupid. I am reading and re-reading correspondence and some books and trying to make sense of it all. I have spoken or telephoned or IM'd or emailed with many people -- nobody can change the state of things as they are, but some can offer insight, and the caring I've received has been wonderful. I'm also trying to make real face time with friends and family. Human contact, in person, beats all the mediated communcation I can think of. After all, I truly fell in love with Jennifer only after flying to meet her. Something about that physical proximity - that human contact - is the whole point of the thing. In other news, I have booked a flight to go and see my sister in Washington D.C. later this month. A change of scenery will be good for me, and further enjoin me from doing the stupid things that cross my brain. Also, it's been too long since I've seen my sister. This has a double effect of giving Jenny even more space, and getting her a chance to be here in the apartment and further move out. I realize that I've been in violent, serious denial about separation. But I don't have the fear I once did of it. Jennifer and I are presented with a unique opportunity to reevaluate our lives and make a new start. New starts are a good thing, I think. And today I end this diary entry with hope, and not sorrow. To all those who today have offered advice, I cannot but express my heartfelt Thanks. Onward!In Brief I'm losing it. But I love her. Must be something can be done. Problems which develop over years cannot be solved in a day -- but how to get my foot in the door to talk these things over when she's moved out, and I've basically lost my emotional balance?  And I'm watching and I'm waitin hopin' for the best Even think I go to prayin' Every time I hear em sayin' That there's no way to delay That trouble comin' every day No way to delay That trouble comin' everyday  - ZappaLosing it The incomprehensibility of my own current emotional state continues to surprise me. Things are bad. Separation feels terrible. How did this happen? Have I not been supportive and accepting? Where did i go wrong? Is this because of our age difference? How on earth do people manage to grow together? There are no answers to these questions, are there? What will happen?Update From HellRealPlayer for MacOS X did not ship in April, as previously noted. Real is late. This makes me unhappy because I'm an NPR junkie.

In other news, I picked up a new AC Adaptor from CryWolf Consulting yesterday for my Clamshell iBook SE. The old one was worn out, and when there's no juice, computers don't run. CryWolf seemed like a nice joint, and I may use them again.

Meanwhile, on my ancient Mac running OS 8.6, I can't run Mozilla 1.0 PR1 because it requires OS9, which won't install on my SonnetTech-upgraded 8500.

I'm also smarting because my newsreader, MT-Newswatcher is not yEnc-savvy in the non-OSX version.Some Mac Stuff good article on politics and the internet: "But the Internet is fundamentally changing politics, but in unflashy ways that parallel what has happened in the business world. After the dot-com crash, two types of businesses have principally thrived by using the 'net: Businesses that do old things in new ways that rely on the Internet's unquestionable ability to increase the speed and quantity of information flows, such as eBay, and old economy firms, such as UPS, that use the Internet to do what they're already doing better, faster, and more efficiently---for instance, linking suppliers and distributors in just-in-time inventory systems. In politics, it's very much the same. What matters is using basic new technology to do old things better, and focusing on substance, not on how sexy a web page can be. "A campaign Web site is a receptionist's office. The really interesting stuff is occurring on the back end and through email," says Michael Cornfield, a George Washington University professor currently writing a book about the Internet and elections." More at: Machined Politics: How the Internet is really, truly---seriously!--going to change elections  good article on politics and the internet: &raquo;Email Marketing from iMarketing News &raquo;How to Advertise Responsibly Using E-Mail and Newsgroups  or - how NOT to $$$$$  MAKE ENEMIES FAST!  $$$$$ &raquo;Help for Marketers from Fight Spam on the Internet! &raquo;CAUCE.org &raquo;Spam news &raquo;This in particular is really on the mark: Advertisers Bulk email can be a powerful advertising medium. However it can also kill your reputation and get your web site shut down. If you advertise through bulk email, please be very careful about who you use. As an advertiser, you share in the responsibility for how email is sent. If you support a spammer with your advertising revenue, you share the blame for the spam. It is your responsibility to verify the management of the lists you support. On the other hand, even the most well-run list may generate some false spam complaints. You should talk to your internet providers before you begin any bulk mail campaign. A list is judged not only by how many complaints they generate, but also on how they handle those complaints.  - from Help for spam report recipients on SpamcopSome Stray Links On Avoiding Landmines In Sending Commercial EmailThe efficiency of this call sounds about right to my rusty medical ears. Methodical, cautious, and does what it needs to. It brings terrible news in the way that a person can handle it.The efficiency of this call... Jennifer is away now. To retain a release valve, I have thrown myself into activity - work - personal projects - household chores - errands. I find that when I let myself think about where I am in my personal life I tend to want to scream or sob, which is not socially acceptable outside of the shower or in the car on my commute. And so it goes that time passes. I am in a new state of being not-exactly married, not-exactly single, not-exactly-divorced -- a limbo called "separated". As I pass through, not knowing how long I will be here, I try ta maintain.separation; submerge into work; avoid sobbing Today was a serious day. I suspect there will be more in the near term. Jennifer and I are currently experiencing technical difficulties with our marital bliss. We have no lack of for worse, for poorer, and in sickness, it's the good stuff we're having trouble with now. The plan as it stands is for us to separate next month. We must figure out  how to live as individuals. This is a chance for renewal for the both of us I think. I spoke with my family today. Today was the day I broke the news about the Situation As It Stands. They were as understanding and as supportive as I could hope for, and much more than I expected. I laughed. I cried. I was particularly struck with my Father's unceasing ability to find humor under the worst of circumstances, as he asked "Who will get custody of Che?" I have been amazingly lucky in drawing parents who I can be truthful with without having them explode on me. I'm at a loss right now as to why I am sharing any of this here. I have not as of yet told my friends. Why make this most sensitive of topics available to anyone who cares to read it? The plain answer is that it feels honest to do so. I've been keeping this journal for over a year now, and this is something so earth-shattering that I can't not put it in here. Bleeding Into This Textarea And so it is that I bleed my despairs and hopes into this textarea. How this has come to pass is something I will be pondering and working at in the months and years to come. My desire is always to understand myself and my world. And ideally, have a positive effect there. The problem is that in many ways I have failed myself and my wife in having a positive effect inside my marriage. I have been reading a great deal about marital problems and am trying to inventory those things that have gone so very wrong. It's my strongest desire that no matter the outcome of my separation from Jennifer, that she have the best life possible. This is what I have always wanted for her, and for myself. I have an inclination that what will be best will be for us to be together, but there is no guarantee whatsoever that that is the preordained outcome. Again I wonder about the advisability of posting this, but I think that this journal, this space to think, must be a part of my reevaluation of my life and how I live it. Peace and Love to all of you out there across the world. Peace and Love. Heavy Duty Judy I'm not sure how I ended up on The Fascinating Links page of The em-bed Examiner, but I appear to have some very cool company.Fascinating? by Stew from Guest Host -- Cavity Brother Lazarus can you explain to me your return to city of the dead? He said On Fifth and Alvarado I feel no pain Nobody even noticed when I floated down Main And they say that I'm insane Out here in the rain New smorg items: Cavity, Stepford Lives, Bijou.Lyric of the day, transcribed I am quite displeased at the way Verisign is handling the hoopla.com domain hijacking. ...spread the word...Group Participation Time!about this search:  ...



... previous entry where I get far too interested in a referrer, see: One of My Favorite Links to ArtLung.com, March 2002.Chinese Search &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;roach drumstick courtesy SassyWord of the Day:Stakes is high.Stakes is high.via the EFF... TINSEL TOWN CLUB!  Senator Ernest Hollings and a powerful group of Hollywood entertainment interests are pushing Congress to pass an anti-consumer bill called the Consumer Broadband and Digital Television Promotion Act (CBDTPA) that may make it impossible to: &raquo; Play your CDs on your desktop computer &raquo; Create legal copies or mp3s of the music that you own to play in your car, or listen to while you exercise &raquo; Create mix-CDs of music you've paid for This is not the way copyright law is supposed to work.  Tell your member of Congress that you value your fair use rights and don't want Hollywood to control technological innovation. After you contact Congress, check out the Tinsel Town Club video!via the EFF... TINSEL TOWN CLUB! While I was visiting Washington D.C. last week, my sister and I wandered around Georgetown a bit. In so doing one of the places we went was a place my sister had never been -- Big Planet Comics. Now, I've lived all over. And I've been to a lot of comic book stores. My compliment that it is the third best is not a small one. Big Planet is very clearly laid out. They actually store comic collections and graphic novels by author in many cases, very handy if you're looking for say, works by Frank Miller or Alan Moore. They also have an extensive independent comics section of comics and collections that's logically laid out. Most surprisingly, they have a great deal of foreign comics - French, German, Spanish. They also had a nice selection of new comics. But they had more than "fancy" comics. They also had an extensive section of superhero graphic novels. I picked up two things (I can't resist supporting a good store!) -- The collected Earth X and Conversations with Charles Schulz. Both were worth the purchase. Earth X is beautifully done - but a bit heavy-handed and self-important. But it's a fun read. The Schulz book is a collection of interviews with the Peanuts creator. The conversations span decades, and it's a good read so far. Now, about #1 and #2 in my "list" of Best Comic Book Stores. The best comic book store I've ever been to is Golden Apple Comics in Los Angeles/Hollywood. They're on Melrose Avenue, and have a tremendous selection of comics and magazines and toys and oddities. It's also well laid out, and has lots of events with artists. A great store. The second best store on my list would be Comic Kingdom, which was on University Avenue here in San Diego. I used to go to that one when I was younger (say, 17 to 25 years old?). The problem is, several years ago they went out of business. But they were great. Massive numbers of back issues, all the most current comics, books, collectibles. It was a great messy goulash of a store. Then one year, in my periodic trips to San Diego from Virginia while I was in RT school and working as an RT, I drove to the store and poof! No more store. That was a heartbreaker.Third Best Comic Book Store Ever Not much new to report. Jennifer called late last night and left a message on my machine.  We have administrative things to address, papers to sign, keys to turn over. She also asked how my trip was and wished me well. I'm having a hard time understanding how it is she still has any interest in that. I'm very much hoping she'll take me up on joint counseling. Her last email seemed open to that. But who knows? A colleague of mine mentioned that marriage is a dynamic environment. I like that makes marriage sound like one of those spinning plate acts - where the performer has say, 6-10 plates spinning at the tops of thin spokes. They seem to totter, but somehow it works out. But then I think of when my marriage was at its' best - early on, when everything seemed to work quite fluidly, organically even. Things clicked. I guess we just never made the proper transition from dealing with "good times" to "bad times." Best not to dwell on the past. But I'm definitely trying to constructively learn from the past. Onward.New News Onward!Back to Work Today I got a nice note from Kitty of BitchBlog - seems I'm not the only web designer/respiratory therapist/blogger out there! Though I believe Dori Smith made this connection years ago in the vfth discussion boards. Hi Kitty!Fellow Terrorist/Blogger/WebbieFrom my good friend Ewon, kind of a bookend to the post about a Dog Translation device, Meanings of Meow: Cornell Researcher Seeks to Prove How Cats Manipulate People.Meow. Mow? Rowr? Meowr! MOW! Last week, Friday, I drafted an email to Jenny. I ended up not sending it. But I sent it to myself just in case I wanted to re-send it another time. As I reread it I was so happy that it went to my dead letter office. Sometimes you want to talk, and it's a really dumb idea. The watchword for relationship-strife communications: Caution. In other news, it looks like Jennifer has updated her online journal.Unsent Email Michael Moore's Bowling for Columbine looks like it's gonna be a heckuva a movie. I remember the impact Roger  &amp; Me had on me back in 1989. The empowerment of the little guy, and the crazy guts it takes to make a movie for nearly no money and lots of guts was compelling to my 19-year old self. Heck, my 32 year-old stuff too! Bowling for ColumbineI'm back in San Diego, but I'm still on east coast time. Upshot? If I were in EDT, I'd be up late. But it's PDT, so I'm up early.

As for the map in the previous entry, my flight actually went through Chicago, but you didn't think the map in the previous entry was spot-on anyway, did you?Back I have more to say than will fit in this space. In lieu of words, here is a picture of my trip tomorrow from Washington, D.C. to San Diego.:

Tomorrow's TripI need to go offline for a while. In need of serious reclamation project. The best advice I've gotten in the past few days is:

~ act as though jenny is irretrievably gone

~ the sooner you get into that mindset, the better

~ then if she comes back, that's a plus, and if she doesn't, well, you're already in that mindset, right?

To which I reply - Thank you, rudy. This is excellent advice. No amount of shenanigans will win her back. Either she wants me back, or not. I have to learn to be in my own skin again.

Tomorrow I'm headed a few thousand miles to see my sister and recalibrate myself for this new world.

Onward. OfflineI want something I did last night to be understood. Last night I made a phone call to the person Jenny said she was going to see romantically - Jeremy. I got the phone number from one of the phone bills, and I managed to figure out that that was the one. I left a message with a person I suppose was a roommate -- "Tell him that Joe Crawford called, and I left my number" -- with no malice or anger in my voice whatsoever -- I don't know what I expected, but I was curious to speak with this person who I feel has had a substantial impact on my life. I bear this person no ill will, and intend to do nothing stupid. It was just a phone call, after all. Apparently this person was upset and let Jenny know that I called, rather than call me back. Anyway, I want it known that I did not intend to violate any privacy. It was more out of curiosity over the separation and broken marriage vows that concerned me. I was curious to talk to this person, and I'm not ashamed of that. If Jeremy has no desire to talk to me, so be it -- I won't pursue it. But I'm in a stage where any legal and reasonable avenue of inquiry and exploration is open to me. I'm reading books, I'm going to therapy, I'm sending flowers, I'm consulting with family, I'm consulting with friends, and yes, I make phone calls and emails to people I don't know. I don't feel ashamed for any of my actions thus far. I've been honest and forthright altogether. I have WOKEN UP to my faults and failings, and hope to be a better person for it. I also intend for Jennifer to know that I do have great affection for her, and love her. I don't expect ANYTHING I do to be a "magic potion" which will win her back. I will be making mistakes. Probably lots of them. That phone call, this entry -- these may be mistakes. But I'll never do anything wrong or illegal, and I'll never hurt anyone. I know very well that that won't solve anything. I am trying to build a my life up again. I very much feel as though I was killed, and am struggling to come back from the dead.I want something I did last night to be understood. I'm feeling better. I'm less on edge. My sense of humor is returning. I still miss Jennifer. I have an appointment with a counselor today. Jenny is not coming, but I have (emotional) work enough to do on my own I suppose. I still think it would be helpful to get us to talk about what happened to our love/relationship/marriage in front of a third party -- and Jennifer is still skeptical. Family has been wonderful, as have been friends. Tonight there will be family dinner on the Crawford "ranch" - everyone basically knows what's happening, but this will be a big gathering. It should be fine. Also tonight, I will go see Attack of the Clones with my friend Ewon. That should be a good time -- a diversion. Normally I would have seen this new Star Wars movie on the first day it was open, but not this time. Too much else going on in this life. Onward. Work to be done.Psychosocial UpdateAccording to Beth Hansen on 5/15/2002, my site is a blog for the web addict. At least that comment sounds like a compliment.According to Beth Hansen on 5/15/2002...Photo by Charles. On the right, Kelly:

Me, Now.Bruce Sterling on Star Wars A Very American MovieBruce Sterling on Star Wars Database diety rudy limeback has a very neat post on his rudy.ca site -- Data Modelling, which talks a bit about how data modeling was done 30 years ago. Very, very, very cool.Non-Depressing Stuff -- Data Modelling With Rudy! Tonight I went over to see my Grandmother to break the news about Jenny and me. I was terrified about how she would take it. And the whole ghoulish thing is just so horrible to tell. My Grandmother was wise, and wonderful, and hopeful that the best outcome would come from all this. She wishes well to Jennifer, and was as supportive as I could imagine. I am so, so lucky to have family who always seem to offer insight. I am incredibly lucky to have her. Gradually, word is seeping out into the family. And as my Grandmother said tonight "problems are shared" - which I suppose is a kind of variation on "many hands make light work." Though I have a hard time thinking that what I am now experiencing could ever be described as "light." This is by far harder than anything I have ever had to deal with in my life. Though perhaps given time that assessment will change. Also today I got an email from Jenny's Grandmother. It was in Spanish, and I did pretty well with about.com's spanish/english dictionary and of course babelfish - but I had the friend of a friend also take a look to make sure I got all the nuances. This is the first contact with Jenny's Abuela in some time, and certainly since this started. She is doleful, but hopeful. The recurring theme I keep hearing is that this is normal -- problems in marriage are par for the course. The question is how one deals with them. So far, I'm alive, and trying to make sense of it all. Onward.Breaking The News Today has been full. I cleaned up some in the apartment. I threw away some junk. I made a pile of cool stuff that's not wanted. I made a web page detailing same, and put them up for sale. I went to Kinko's to get a color copy. I got a short haircut. I bought a pair of shorts, a belt, toothpaste and laundry detergent at K-mart. I took a shower and shaved. I went out to see Spider-Man with a friend of mine and her boyfriend. I got to know them a little bit when we went to Borders. I bought a book about relationships and the CD of the girl with the current "1000 Miles" hit. I ate chips and guacamole and beef and chicken fajitas with them at Chevy's. I came home and did some dishes. I watched some of Enterprise. I watched Six Feet Under. I went for a mile walk to Twiggs in University Heights. I passed tiny little antique store - Gala - and they had cute things. They had some fun kitsch there. I drank a hot chocolate and read for 40 minutes. I walked down to El Cajon Boulevard, and all the way up it. I saw a drunk couple stopped at a car dealership while the man peed against a telephone pole. I heard a Mexican corrido band playing for a party that was ending. I picked up a Gatorade and The Reader. I came home. There are no new messages on the phone or in email. I wrote this post.  Inside I am hollow and destroyed now. But somehow I will recover my Self. I am burning away the layers of delusion and habit and reactivity. I am learning that what I thought was pretty good and pretty stable, was actually a tender thing. I am learning what it means to be abandoned. I am learning to feel how my wife has felt for the past year and a half. Alone, abandoned, powerless. I have said too much and now I must go to sleep. I will now go to bed. The cat is here in the easy chair with me, asleep. He is not human, but he does comfort me. Occupying My Mind Despite being occupied with going to the post office, racquetball, to see the great new documentary Dog Town and Z-Boys, yesterday was an intensely difficult day. I'm going to try to radically reform my life and figure out how I can be a better formed human being.Part of that is doing some de-pack-ratting. So here are some things for Sale -- check http://artlung.com/yardsale/ and spread the word. The audience for this blog is larger than just San Diego, but I think the shipping costs to anywhere but San Diego would make these deals not such good deals. I leave it to you. Thanks to those of you who have gone out of your way to offer sympathy and support. I only hope I can be worthy of such support.Things Are Tough; Stuff For Sale

At the moment, there's more to be said, and talked about than I can say and talk about. In the interim, another picture. Myself, 1996. I took this with a timer, after the night shift (1900-0730) at California Hospital Medical Center -- the parking garage. I believe the white building in the distance behind me is the L.A. Convention Center, but I'm not 100% sure. I like this picture. I look determined. You can see my Littman stethoscope, and the blue endotracheal tube wedge. Different tools for a different profession.Archeology: 1996: When I was a Respiratory TherapistJennifer came over last night. Picked up some stray mail. Visited the cat. We spoke a little. No definitive word on counseling. It was emotionally draining to be around her. But luckily, I presently get support from some serendipitous places. Phone calls can be wondrous.

Later, I made this (and other things) but I'm only showing this:

The weekend before last I picked up yet another comic. This one is actually a how-to called Blue Line Pro's Digital Colors for Comics -- I bought the cheap version (no CD-ROM) -- it's very good. The spelling is terrible, but the tips themselves are very good. I've been taking some older drawings (I keep everything) and scanning them, and have been practicing. Nothing worth showing the whole world yet. But probably at some point I'll put up some newly colored, old illustrations on artlung.com.

It's good to learn new Photoshop tricks. They're applicable not just to fun things, but to work things as well.Update; Comics One of the things I picked up this weekend was a manga called Phoenix: A Story of the Future. I finished it yesterday. According to this review/history, it's only a small part of a much, much larger saga by Osamu Tezuka -- thousands of pages of a work encompassing decades. I enjoy getting into artists with long careers -- whose work is not digestible all at once glance. It's interesting to me that Osamu is the creator of Astro Boy, and is considered "the God of Manga" apparently, having worked since the 1950s. Indeed, the layouts and narrative choices made in Phoenix are bold. For a work that was made in 1967, there are graphical things, tricks, ideas -- that amaze. The drawing style is mainly of the Astro Boy school. However, the subject matter is treated seriously. Visit your local comic book store and have a look. I think you'll be glad you did.Phoenix I made it to this bookmark list. And check out this new inbound link -- from Hugh -- Hot Feet: the ramblings of a web geek. Worth a look.InboundSorting IP Addresses in SQL SQL God Rudy Limeback has a solution on his SQL Page for sorting IP Addresses. Heckuva good read -- for geeks. &raquo; Sorting substrings of different lengths numerically [Part 1] &raquo; Sorting substrings of different lengths numerically [Part 2] Mr. Limeback lives in Canada, and is interested in solving your database and web problems! Check him out at r937.com.Sorting IP Addresses in SQL Bleeding All Over The Place by Randy Newman Why don't you love me like you used to do? Tell me, what I did I do wrong? Seems like you're through with me I wasn't through with you My love for you is still very strong. Bleeding All Over The Place by Randy Newman Walking. Chai. Bagel. Orange. Fuscia. Black. Grey. Commiseration. Release. Tales. Betrayals. Caring. Comfort. Sharing. Sesame seeds &amp; cream cheese. Bursting strawberries. Talking. Smiles &amp; tears. Ice/Sarah McLachlan. Friendship. Only two people will understand this post.  But that's okay.w/S. More scrapbooking and archaeolgy. This is the membership card to Virtual World, which for a time in the early to mid 1990's was a chain of networked game parlours. I remember that in the Pasadena branch they had a Mac there with an irc chat channel open, or was it an AOL chat window? Anyway, that was yet another very early taste of the internet. Now, it looks like the first time I went into one of these was in 1994. I loved playing Red Planet. Everyone seemed to prefer the Mechwarrior games, but I liked Red Planet - it was a racing game - yes, you could blast your opponents, but you could also win by simply making the most laps. Wonderful game. I'm pretty sure all the machines were Macintoshes too. As you can see, I used the handle "ArtLung" - which may be my actual earliest use of the term. That makes it roughly 7 1/2 years at least that I've been using the name.   Today's Archaeology: Virtual World Today started with an early morning breakfast with my friend Steve E. at local deli D.Z. Akins. We talked of course about my current state of affairs, the separation, work, the web, search engines, the list. D.Z.A. is a great deli. Now, it's not a Cantor's or Carnegie Deli, but for San Diego, it rocks. I had something I've not had in a long time -- a bagels and lox platter. What a sublime invention - this erector set of a breakfast. Assemble fat slices of fresh tomato, red onion, cream cheese, and of course the smoked salmon itself, all piled onto a bagel, and that is some great eating. Now, mind you, my appetite since this all started has been shot to hell. I'm continuing to lose weight too, less eating, more walking and exercise -- feels good. But breakfast was inspiring. Combine good food with good company -- wonderful. Steve I met at a local user group some years ago at the Digital Design SIG -- and it was he who sent me the Frank Zappa/Mothers ticket stub on my Zappa fan piece. We talked more about migrating the list off of yahoogroups. It's going to be work, but I think it's probably necessary. This summer, I keep seeing. When I can focus some attention on it, I need to figure out what features I'm using on yahoogroups and then begin to migrate. After that, I went to racquetball. The problem is that the joint where I usually play was closed. So instead, my Aunt and I got our cars detailed. Banal, but my car looks great! For a 14 year old car that's been cross-country twice and all over, it looks rejuvinated. The next cancellation was the Barbecue I was supposed to go to today. The hostess got sick, so no party. So instead of making macaroni salad, I went to a thrift store and a comic book store. Jenny called, left a message. She needs to come over and pick up some stray mail and clothes. Sometime in the next few days probably. We'll see. Tomorrow I should probably do laundry. I think I'm through the crushing shock part of separation. Now I'm in the living part of it. I'm just trying to have a life, and be myself. It's not impossible. I bet if you asked me that one month ago I'd have something entirely different to say. But life goes on. Onward. Bagels & Lox The poetry of the 22-23 year old me. Pining for someone I could not have anymore. When I write my memoirs, that will be an interesting chapter. Until then, look on my works ye mighty and despair! Well, actually, I'm going through old papers, and getting rid of lots of stuff. When something is interesting enough, I save it for a paper scrapbook. When it feels like it needs to go on the website, well, here it is. Things are good. The cat actually just came into the office here and meowed at me -- I think to come to bed. So off to bed. I must have no shame. Old love poetry? Yeesh.More Archaeology I'm getting rid of lots of paper. Where I can, I put the nuggets of wisdom online. These minimal notes are from the two-day seminar given by Philip Greenspun at Caltech several years ago. He used the WimpyPoint system to do the slides. Looks like his slideshow is protected, so I can't provide the real url. And Now, Assorted Notes: One so-funny it's sad thing was his mention of a tenured professor in Computer Science who in conversation asked him "what's Oracle" and "what's an RDBMS" "No matter how good your user interface is, it's better to have LESS of it" "Q: Why is the war between Linux and BSD so intense?" "Because there's so little at stake." He dismissed graphic design almost entirely, at one point saying "Add a look and feel if necessary." On documentation manuals, and on why systems have to be made plainly learnable in and of themselves, he asks: "How much did you pay for your car? Have you read the owner's manual?" "The war (to build database-backed websites/communities) is won or lost on developing a data model, and specifying legal transactions." The standard SQL thing of ACID: A - atomicity C - consistency I - isolation D - durability In building websites, the eternal tension is:  "The wisdom of 50 years of software engineering" vs. "The Schedule" The value of a toolkit (such as ACS) is that it requires less customization. It's going to be better than a roll-your-own solution madly hacked in anticipation of an impossible rollout deadline. At the time I thought this was interesting, but now I have a lot more respect for this statement... "SQL is actually very subtle." And lastly, on the myriad technologies available to the aspiring webhead: "Not everything you can learn is worth learning." From The Dead Letter Department Body Check: Biometric Access Protection Devices and their Programs Put to the Test, from the German c't magazine.Biometrics: Just as hackable as other authenticationA Typography Blog -- worth a look.A Typography Blog ...The expression fits just as well today.

More Archeology. A Baby Picture. I've always been a night person. Some of the best work I've done has been late at night or on overnight code and design sessions. So what can it mean that I went to bed at about 10pm last night? Or that I woke up at around 5am this morning? I think I'm going to go with the explanation that I'm still on East Coast time, from my trip. But perhaps it's time to discover my "inner farmer" - but there are no chickens to feed, no cows to milk. I'm re-evaluating everything in my life, right? Might as well reconsider my sleep habits as well. Meanwhile, I'm catching up on email, fed the cat, did bills. The mundanities that make up our lives, I suppose. Perhaps I'll make up some of the Soyrizo I bought at Henry's Marketplace this weekend. That might be good. So many choices. So many decisions. It's coming a bit easier now. Onward. Early to bed, early to rise? /or/ DecisionsMatt "Mr. Community" Haughey is profiled in the latest pixelview.Matt "Mr. Community" HaugheyMay pal Ewon sent me this link, which is indeed pretty funny -- LipstickLibrarian.com. Worth a gander.May pal Ewon sent me this linkIn response to my post about comic book stores, Sassy the Comic Book Geek writes:

You gotta visit Forbidden Planet in NYC: three floors of pure nerdly goodness!

To which I reply: Yes, yes I do.Comics Retailing Contender?

a sketch I did into my journal/scrapbook on August 24, 1993. It's of the New York skyline from the ferry which goes from Liberty Island to Ellis Island. It includes the World Trade Center, in silhouette. It's funny, I remember drawing it, kind of quick and rough. 1993 was a long time ago. I'm going through many old things, and I'll probably be putting some of them on the site, as is my habit. Everything goes online.from the archives This has been a really full weekend. Where on earth to start? First off, for those of you with no patience, it was a good weekend. No donnybrooks. Saturday I started off by playing racquetball with Bob Sturm, who soundly kicked my butt this weekend. Enjoyable games, all, but I was not at 100%. Next week. Maybe he was on a kind of a rush from being featured in a Wired News piece? Anyway, that was good. At noon I walked over to Twigg's to meet with Jenny. It was a brief, cordial meeting. We hugged, and got on to the business part of what we were there for. We exchanged the keys to each other's cars. She gave up her keys to the apartment, and we both signed a document I drafted that laid out the circumstances as they are. Jennifer has moved everything (or 95%, anyway) out of the apartment, and is in a place of her own. She will no longer have access to the apartment, but may have "reasonable, supervised access" to pick up stray items and visit our jointly-owned cat. We also did the DMV paperwork to remove me from the title to her car. I also gave her a batch of mail. She's done many, but not all, of her changes of address. In general it went better than most of the conversations we've had recently, and I'm pleased with my behavior. On a hopeful note, she seems open to several things. to counseling for one, which previously she was against rather strongly. She's also not so eager to say that things are through / over / finished. She acknowledges that basically the proverbial Fat Lady has not yet sung, and that at this point we don't know how any of this will turn out. Not that this is ANY kind of guarantee of anything. I still must act in a cautious, skeptical manner. There's no use getting my hopes up to such an extent that I only feel burnt again. It's sort of as though peace talks are starting. We've agreed in principle that we need to have peace talks, but we're not calling off our armies quite yet. For all that happened, we only saw each other for about 30 minutes. After that, we hugged, and I left. For the rest of the weekend it's been busy. I made two trips to Goodwill, bought some groceries, did laundry, went to my cousin's confirmation, went to Fry's with my friend Ewon, had Pizza (and Calamari and Antipasto) at Fillippi's in Kearny Mesa, threw out a bunch of trash, and didn't do much in the way of online stuff. It was a semi-unplugged weekend. The capper is that I spoke with my sister, and my Uncle Jody, on the telephone. Jody had a nice analogy for relationships, a spiral dance - you interlock and interlace hands with your partner -- and you spin. The more commitment you have (dating, seeing one another exclusivity, intimacy, living together, marriage, kids) the faster you are spinning. He says that in this anaolgy, you can see that if one person lets go, the one who does not let go gets knocked on their ass. The faster the spin, the harder the fall. It also points out the fact that the one who lets go first has the upper hand, they can prepare for the blow of suddenly letting go, and keep from falling too hard. I like this, it rings true for the my current situation. Anyway, that's my weekend. I'm tired now. I think I'll hit the hay. The Weekend Update Yesterday I got up very early. I went to a continental breakfast thing about learning to deal with the media. It was mostly for Public Relations people, but I deal with the press rather often these days, and knowing how to approach and not approach them is a valuable skill. So anyway, that was productive. Work, thankfully, was good. I had a pleasant day. After one o'clock I decided I'd get a shoeshine. I had worn my black shoes - my Doc Martens, which I've had for about 8 years now. They looked really shabby. Along the front ridge of the shoes was wear and tear, and what was once black, had faded to gray. I'd never thought -- no, that's not true -- I'd wanted to do something about it, but just didn't care that much. A kind of "shoe apathy" set in. I have been ignoring my outward appearance for so long, that I just don't give a damn about such things. But for some reason, that early morning networking event made me want to improve my shoes. So I thought Horton Plaza or the train station (recommened by Sassy would have a shoeshine stand. I remember from my childhood there being one of those stands with the 2 chairs on a riser, and a fellow or two shining a businessman's shoes - but I walked to Horton Plaza, then to Santa Fe Depot - and no go. I did find one out in front of the Wyndham Emerald Plaza. The proprieter was very nice. I asked him how much, ($5) and got on up on the stand. The guy - maybe in his 50s - grey hair, quiet, I think he was an immigrant but he didn't speak enough for me to place the accent. Watching him work, and the people walking by, was a delight. Having your point of view at about 10 feet above the city street as people walk by is really great. People look up at you a little, but you can peoplewatch with impunity! I remember one women, perhaps late 30s, blond. She was wearing a flimsy skirt, which was blowing in the wind down Broadway. She was compensating for it by holding her left hand behind her back and checking that the skirt stayed down. I'm sure I've noticed women doing this before, but I found this fascinating. Not so much because she was attractive, but maybe because it was like I was seeing this issue (women need to be cognizant of skirts not doing the Marilyn thing when they don't want them to) and I was fascinated. As much as I'm becoming more aware of how I look, I'm glad I don't have all the expectations that American culture puts on women. That's like an order of magnitude mode baggage! I digress. The shoeshine man was really an artist. With his brushes and polish and lots of elaborate motions he worked through the roughed leather and put down new coats of black stuff (varnish?) . He spent about 35 minutes applying 2 coats of the stuff, with the rough brushes, and soft brushes in between. At the end he took what looked like a denim rag and buffed both shoes, at times there was an audible "snap!" across the shoes. This was an impressive audio-visual spectacle for me. I mean, what do I know from shoeshines. I had never gotten one! But I began to think of his work as not so different from my working in Photoshop. Applying layer after layer, carefully massaging each layer, until an image emerges that is the one that the Photoshopper wants. And yes, I'm aware that I can slip into grandiosity. Yesterday was a good day. And I think there are more good days to come. I'm feeling good more of the time. I'm learning a lot about myself (it's not all just shoeshines and La Jolla Cove) - and I hope to continue this process of learning just who this Joe Crawford character is. Shoe PhotoshopUntitledscape Yesterday was cool, but I didn't blog about it. Well, I'm blogging about it now. Hrm. I'll sum it up by saying that secret plans; making macaroni salad; seeing friends; grilled salmon; krab; and the will edwards band are all cool. Today, I'm thinking about a cowgirl. And I got contacted by two reporters today, one was about my Lindows piece, and another about something else. That was kind of neat. Yeah, I can be a good resource sometimes. I also bought some cheap sunglasses at a surplus store, hair goop from the body shop; and lunch at Pat &amp; Oscars. If you think this is a lame post, you're right. Sorry. If you're a regular reader of this blog (all half dozen of you), you may find it a relief to have banal stuff as opposed to the drama that's been showcased here for the past 7 weeks. BriefToday was entirely productive, and entirely pleasant. I woke up early, as usual. I dropped off the rent check (post-dated for July 1), and mailed some bills. Then I took the latest load of stray-stuff-I-have-decided-someone-else-can-use at Goodwill. Then I went to the local Whole Foods and bought some celery, green onions, tiger's milk bars, and some other stray items for around the house.

Then, off to racquetball. The problem was, where we play was closed, so after twenty minutes of hemming and hawing, no racquetball. Instead I came home and chilled out for a while. Some more cleaning (always cleaning), and put up some older pictures. I also put up my Respiratory Care diplomas and awards. They've been sitting in a box for a long time, and I think I want them up. They serve as a nice reminder that I can be successful in things even when it seems like I might not succeed.

And then, the ocean.

I went down to La Jolla Cove. I was able to park quickly, despite the heavy tourist presence. I walked down to the cove, checked the lifeguard station for the water temperature (65 degrees Fahrenheit), and ambled down. Then I plopped my things down, stripped down to my swimsuit, got my snorkel and mask on, and dove in. I swam out to the perimeter of the swimming area. I think there used to be a quarter mile marker, but there is not one now. But I swam out what I think was about a quarter mile, rested, and returned. Visibility was okay, maybe 10-15 feet. I saw many Garibaldi fish; their orange bodies glowing against the somewhat murky waters.

After the cove, I drove to a movie theater and saw The Bourne Identity, which was quite good. No plot to speak of, but the chase of it was marvelous. And I thought Matt Damon did well considering he was playing an amnesiac.

And lastly, I went to Tower Records and picked up some music. The latest Bryan Ferry, a record by Norah Jones, and Ben Folds. I really like the Norah Jones record. She's got a great voice. It matches my melancholy/joy these days nicely.

Melancholy/Joy. That'd be a good name for a blog.

And now, I will boil macaroni.

To those few of you who read this blog, I wish you a lovely weekend.A Beautiful Day The term for the day last Wednesday was dry run.Obfuscatiorama So I'm listening to one of my mix tapes from 1990, and LL Cool J's "Around the Way Girl" comes on. One of the lyrics is "Want to eat you like a cookie when I see you walk" -- only I had taped it from MTV, and the word "eat" is not there, it's audio-photoshopped so you can't tell what the verb is. Twelve years later, 2002, and every 15 minutes something more suggestive than "want to eat you like a cookie" is played on MTV. Is that irony? Progress? Or maybe it's just that times change. (And props to LL Cool J for the line: "she's sweet as brown sugar with the candied yams" -- that's pretty sweet).Mixtape Moment "Vision without execution is Hallucination" -Steve CaseQuote of the Day So I'm continuing to go through all the posessions here. Getting rid of books and posters and decades of accumulated stuff. Some of it I'm so glad I kept. I was going through old sketches and drawings and found some gems. I listened to some old tapes tonight which had been locked in boxes. I used to love mix tapes - making them - sending them to friends. Some of the ones I've found are pretty good. Music is such a powerful emotional trigger, and a memory trigger as well. I've been making mix-tapes since 1983 (I was 13 years old), and I still have all of them. What a nutty packrat I am. No, maybe I'm an archivist. At any rate, I don't lack for things to conduct archaeology on. Heh.ArchaeologyThe Word for Yesterday: Yummy.The Word for Yesterday: In the Fall of 1998 I started to take classes in Pascal and Java at Santa Monica College - the Pascal class was interesting for a while, but I dropped it. My own reading at the time was doing what I needed. At the time the only programming I was doing was some Perl and some JavaScript. The Java class was pretty mind-blowing. I grokked object oriented code, but the class rapidly got ahead of my own experiences of OO code. I remember being right there with the instructor for about 3 weeks, then I was in way over my head. I'm glad I took those classes, but I am only a dilettante programmer. My skills are multivariate; this is my strength. I need to get comfortable with that. I have been going through all my old papers and objects. This morning I came across my notebook from SMC. I write it here because I'm throwing out the notebook. I've got a zen calm about letting go of these things I have packratted. I am ever in the process of becoming. Refining. Rehabilitating. Remaking. Reclaiming. Onward.Java, Pascal Classes; Fall 1998; Becoming The lyrics to CAT PEOPLE [PUTTING OUT FIRE] are perfectly apt for yesterday night: See these eyes so red Red like jungle burning bright Those who feel me near Pull the blinds and change their minds It's been so long Still this pulsing night A plague I call a heartbeat Just be still with me But it wouldn't believe what I've been thru You've been so long Well it's been so long And I've been putting out the fire with gasoline Putting out the fire With gasoline See these tears so blue An ageless heart that can never mend Tears can never dry A judgement made can never bend See these eyes so green I can stare for a thousand years Just be still with me You wouldn't believe what I've been thru The lyrics to CAT PEOPLE [PUTTING OUT FIRE] are perfectly apt for yesterday night: Jenny and I have now been separated 6 1/2 weeks. The cat has been a great comfort to me in that time. A companion through my tears and angst and sorrows -- and a bringer of laughter, because he is, at the heart of it, a real ham. As this new life, this separated life takes shape, I am learning so much about myself. In some ways it's a blessing to get a chance to take stock of every single thing in your life. Friends, family, joys, sorrows, failures, triumphs. This morning, I did a sketch of him. I will probably frame it and put it on one of these walls. Perhaps I will scan it and put it here. I will miss him, but I know he is going to a home that will love him. I do not know what will happen with Jenny and me. Neither does Jennifer. We talked a bit and I know we have so much work to do. In the meantime, I must live my life. I must experience this journey, no matter where it takes me. Onward.Gato has left the building My sunburn, and other things, really hurt today. Must keep healing, working striving, learning. Onward.Burnt I Feel You by Depeche Mode  I feel you Your heart it sings I feel you The joy it brings Where heaven waits Those golden gates And back again You take me to And lead me through Oblivion This is the morning of our love It's just the dawning of our love I feel you Your precious soul And I am whole I feel you Your rising sun My kingdom comesLyric of the Day OS X only -- Download IE 5.2 for Mac. Includes new rendering features. Worth a look.MSIE 5.2 for Macintosh I think Jenny should take the cat. It's time for me to let go. I have been so lucky these past weeks. So strengthened. I don't need the cat. I think I was partially keeping him for selfish and antagonistic reasons. Only partially, but that's stupid pettiness. I can't use the cat as leverage. It's wrong. Yes, of course I love and cherish the cat and he's great to talk to (and barks at me sometimes!) and keeps me on my toes and is a wonderful companion. But I love him so much I know where he belongs.Letting Go Of The Cat Today I got up early and did my laundry. Today I spoke to my Mom and sister for a good long talk. Today I went swimming for the first time in a long time. Today I helped build a prefab garden shed. Today I gave a copy of Understanding Comics away. Today I had crunchy pb&amp;j. Today I passed a special note in class. Today I was overwhelmed by eyebrows. Today I wore sensible shoes. Today I took two showers. Today I was quizzed on Star Wars fighters, and passed. Today I arrived late to a family event. Today I saw the plaque for my grandfather at Mount Soledad. Today I ate at Hometown Buffet with my family. Today I was once again reminded that I am lucky, and loved. Today I went to a comic book store but bought nothing. Today I talked with old friends and it felt good. Today I gave away some toy dinosaurs. Today I got confused by mixed messages. Today I talk like crazy. Today I helped do maintenance on an aging iMac. Today I felt very sad about the idea of losing a friend. Today I got sunburnt on my face and arms and back. Today I bought a book by Melodie Beattie. Today I ate a Kahlua flavored candy. Today I wrote this and realized it sounded heavy handed. But I posted it to Blogger anyway.Today was a wonderful day. It's a delight when you can talk to your father like a friend -- when you can share every damn thing in your life with him, and he is accepting and wise, and offers constructive advice. It's a delight when you can shoot pool and drink beer with your uncle and feel like a peer. It's a delight to talk to your sister across the country and feel like she's right there with you. It's a delight to get things done at work. It's a delight to be part of a presentation for work that goes well. It's a delight to talk to a counselor who offers real insight, but more, teaches you to fish rather that gives you a fish. It's a delight to make a phone call to a sad person, and hear happiness in their voice. It's a delight to be able to have happiness to share where there was only sadness before. It's a delight to come home to a cat who enjoys a french fry. But just one. It's a delight to have a wonderful evening, without having planned any of it. It's not a delight to go to bed at 2am when you have racquetball at 9:30am. So wish me luck!Delights Rediscovering how great Matthew Sweet's Girlfriend is... You Don't Love Me what a beautiful moment the truth comes out at last once your heart would own me forever then this passed and what a beautiful moment as my head comes apart drunk and in a manner of saying wasted cause you don't love me you don't love me you can't see how i matter in this world even though i loved you you can't believe that if you find something you think might make you happy then i guess it's okay i think it's okay if you go away blown right out of my senses i did not know what to do lost and badly wanting someone to see me through that's why i needed you but you don't love me you don't love me you can't see how i matter in this world even though i loved you you can't believe that you think that leaving is what will make you happy then i guess it's okay i think it's okay if you go away cause you don't love me you don't love me you can't see how i matter in this world even though i loved you you can't believe that you think that leaving is what will make you happy then i guess it's okay, i think it's okay if you go away cause you don't love me you don't love me you don't love me you don't love me Rediscovering how great Matthew Sweet's Girlfriend is... I'm rediscovering my poetic me. A few days ago I posted some decade old poems in words. I am doing other work in that realm now. Poetry and pictures flow from me now. Not public. Far too personal even for me, a shameless narcissist, to share here. There is a muse in my life. Warm, serene, gentle. And I think I am a muse in another person's life. The interaction, on equal terms, brings comfort and happiness to me. I've been thinking of the worries and heartaches I carry with me as a heavy pack, on a long journey. The journey is so long I have no idea where it ends. The pack is so heavy that at times it is overwhelming. But sometimes, I can find the time to take a break, and enjoy life and the sensual world around me. The glow of city lights. The scents and feelings of blissful company bring sweet release. But the heavy pack remains. The journey must be continued. But with the camraderie of loved ones, the journey is less a burden. Many hands make light work. Last night, and this morning I cried. The first good cry in several days. But today will be a good day. Onward. Muse, warm and serene! ...well, not easy, but good. Had a good day yesterday. Work good. Progress being made vis-a-vis "understanding the separation." Great racquetball. Danged if the shoeshine I mentioned doesn't still look good. My clothes are fitting better, as I continue to lose weight at a rapid pace (the secret? not eating very much, and walking). In other physical news, I shaved my goatee. Actually, I shaved it in early May. A new Joe. Or perhaps the return of an older one? I'll settle for a WISER Joe. Summertime, and the living's...yes, artlung: the best blog on earth, here's the proof!

(click that link while you can, because I probably won't be able to keep that top google spot for long).

the best blog on earth Ben Dyer secured the domain name radicalbender.com for his blog, Radical Bender. Nice coup!Ben-Der! Running from problems is a sure way of running into problems.From a friend.Turnarounds in every aspect of my life are occurring. For the better. For the worst. For a change.

I feel very much like a cork on the surface of a turbulent sea. Hurled from place to place, bounced and flipped by the sea. But alive, and surviving.

I am now on a leave of absence from my employer, AVENCOM. What this means is that I will have some time to consider my career options. In all likelihood this means I will be going freelance. So If you have need of a guy who can do a bit of everything, or who can answer your obscure web questions for money, I'd be a good choice. I'll be reactivating my professional portfolio in the coming days and weeks. My folks are helping me out with financial buffer. I will also update my Respiratory Therapy resume. Every one of my survival skills needs to be in play now.

On Monday, Jennifer. Jennifer and I will have joint counseling Monday night. Jennifer is currently expressing positive feelings about a reconciliation. Frequent readers of this blog may note that this is a change. It is impossible for me to judge or guess what will happen with regards to my marriage. I simply don't know. I don't know what's in my head. I don't know what's in my heart. The whole affair is confusing and painful to me. I feel love for her, but I am not certain that what needs to happen is for us to be back together as a couple. Time will tell what happens. I do know that I want to be happy. And I do know that I want Jennifer to happy. Beyond that, I've no idea.

On Tuesday, I'll be on the radio, I believe. The Lounge, a show from local NPR affiliate KPBS. I'll be talking about blogs. I hope I can be articulate about the subject. I do think I know the subject well, and have been blogging for some time myself. Co-guesting with me will be Lester of Yeah, Totally.

On Wednesday, I'll be going to Hawaii. Yes!, what you really want to do when you are out of work is take a vacation. Well, the idea is to chill out and try and understand what the heck is going on. Maybe that will help. I know my trip to Washington D.C. to see my sister helped a lot.

Could I possibly have more going on?
My parents and sister left yesterday, returning to the East Coast. It was wonderful to have them in town. They have provided valuable counsel and the truth we were able to share was important and cathartic. I'm working to resolve many things in my life - physical | emotional | intellectual | spiritual. My Dad says "Jenny may have saved your life by leaving you" -- and I tend to agree. I was out of  balance in many ways, and this "wake up call" has forced me to take a critical look at my life.  My Mom wants me to get more spiritual. I think she understands better that I struggle with faith very much. Despite being a formerly devout Catholic, faith no longer comes easy to me. My work in healthcare and my first hand observations of the pain in the world made me question the idea of a primary deity long ago. I definitely fall into the "agnostic" category. If I had a faith, I'd declare it, believe me. My sister is very worried about me. I love her so much. She herself is undergoing a career transition and I want to see her rock the world. She's immensely talented and I foresee good things for her.

I also found out that my Mom has begun reading this blog. She liked my shoeshine piece. This gratifies me. I always knew that having family reading this journal was a possibility, and likewise always knew that It would not change the content. I attempt to exercise caution about how I phrase things, and attempt to be tactful and nonspecific enough that nobody has grounds to be offended, or be slandered, or libeled, etc. The idea here is to be honest and expressive of where I'm at.

I joked with my folks that my life has turned into a country song. Lost my wife. Lost my cat. Lost my job. Or perhaps blues is a more appropriate genre?

And that's the way it is, July 14, 2002.Everything Has Changed. Topsy Turvydom. If I don't have an answer to a question, then I don't have an answer to a question. It's as simple as that. Lots of stuff being asked of me right now. I do not have any answers, but I'm willing to keep talking. But boundaries are there for a reason, and they must respected. There are no shortcuts.Hinting at the roiling boil of my life rudy was talking about childrearing on a list I'm on. he mentioned his kids... &gt; did i ever mention my "three rules" that i taught them? &gt; &gt; 1. don't give up &gt; 2. no whining &gt; 3. be nice to everybody &gt; &gt; every religious precept i've ever run across &gt; can be slotted into one of those... &gt; &gt; and the best part is, they're so easy to remember ...proving once again that the man is a guru. Those are great words to live by.Rudy's Rules: Words to Live By From an email from sydmead.com: For anyone interested in Syd Mead, Cars and/or Toys check out the latest model released by MATTEL Inc. HOTWHEELS  Collector NO. 054 This 1/64th HOTWHEELS model "SYD MEAD'S SENTINEL 400 LIMO" is number 42 of the 42 new models release this year for the 2002 series. Available everywhere HOTWHEELS cars are sold. Syd Mead News San Diego Bloggers has even more new blogs on it. So check for the pink pound signs and enjoy! I'm looking forward to the San Diego Blog Meetup on the 18th of this Month.Even more new Blogs Things are good for me. Jenny and I have been to counseling twice and will again next week. The sessions have been productive in helping us understand what we've been doing for the past 6 years. The good and the bad too. We both need to learn from the past. My folks are still in town, as is my sister. I love them so much, and they have been wise, and smart, and funny. My dad said that I have to remember to not denigrate the good things that came from and were in the marriage. I think he's 100% right about that. I need to work more on that part of my reflections. Yesterday went to the beach from 7pm until Sundown. The water was great, the sea violent. Got two tremendous rides bodysurfing. It felt wonderful. My sister and pop boogie-boarded and also had a great time. My dad was relentless. He was in the water until the sun was just under the horizon. After that we got some Der Wienerschnitzel. Actually, I guess now they just call themselves Wienerschnitzel. I suppose to make it easier to spell. Heh. Anyway, it's kind of cool to go there after the beach with my Dad because 40 years or so ago he used to sell Chili Dogs there. Now the man has traveled the world, had kids, become a professional, and made himself into a success. But at one point he was just some college kid wrapping Chili Dogs. I guess the lesson there is that we're always evolving and changing. We are all, ever becoming.Brief Personal Update This article on Quake for the Blind pushes into my mind that intersection between accessibility and usability/HCI -- Quake for the Blind. The creators talk about the challenges of "translating" Quake into something a blind person can use, and even play. I've been interested in accessibility for a long time (turned onto it by Kynn), and usability is something every web developer needs to know about. Worth a read.Quake for the BlindMy buddy Chris Greazel is part of a newish venture called Antares Paint, and I'm so proud of the man. He's seriously talented.Chris! One of my daily reads, BackupBrain, has redesigned.NiftyI renewed my membership with the NBRC a few weeks back. Not strictly necessary to maintain my CRTT and RRT credentials, but a symbolic gesture. That link to CRTT is a link to "CRT," which means since I became "certified" they've changed the name of the entry level Respiratory Therapy credential. The thing that matters is the RRT which I can put behind my name. That's the one I'm proud of. Well, that, and the Associate of Science degree I hold.

I also recently renewed my RCP License with the State of California's RC Board. State licensure is an administrative formality, really. The NBRC is really who decides what a Respiratory Therapist is.

The main thing about all these renewals is that I'm listed as inactive. I could reactivate myself -- take come continuing education, make a formal request in writing to the various entities requesting to become active, and BOOM! I could be working as an RT. This may happen. Heaven knows there's a need for health care workers out there. The nursing shortage is particularly acute, we have all probably read. I have such a large range of options open to me. Some moonlighting in medicine may be good for me -- emotionally and spiritually -- but also in the pocketbook.

Choices.Respiratory ThingsOn Friday, my parents came into town. I've been terrifically busy since then. Yesterday we did family racquetball, and then down to Pacific Beach, and then to a Baseball game of my 10 year old cousin Michael. After that we went to Mexican food at Marieta's in Santee. A very busy day, and I got some sun.

Having my parents and sister here has been wonderful. We've gotten a chance to do some good and serious talking, and had fun too. I've been camped out on the couch of my Grandparents. An odd venue, but it feels like I'm on vacation -- staying at the dorm of an old friend.

I woke up early today, and am now doing laundry. Laundry on a Sunday morning is pretty typical for me. But the location today is pretty odd.

My current connection to the internet is a 56k dial-up modem, connected through AOL. My Grandparents have MSIE4 for Windows 98. Checking mail is kind of an adventure. Blogging doubly so.

Things are nice. My sister (and most everyone) is (are) still asleep. My mom is up already, and on a walk. It should be a good day. We intend to go to the Hillcrest Sunday Morning Farmer's Market and to the Apple Store. More adventures!Dial-up in the morningSomething silly looking, but heartfelt. My sister got into town today. Things are nice. I am a lucky man.  Happy Birthday USA Something silly looking...I gave Ch&eacute; back to Jenny on June 18th. That morning, I made a picture:

Goodbye, Ch&eacute;Goodbye, Ch Many changes on San Diego Bloggers. I went through the links and updated urls which had changed, and added 2 new badges from nerdboymikey. I also added a link/graphic to the meetup for blogs, specifically the San Diego Blog Meetup -- though I don't think I can attend. Additionally, I added a bookmarklet for Internet Explorer/Windows to put the whole list into the left hand search pane, as well as a My Netscape 6/7/Mozilla Sidebar Pane. Lots of activity out there, and San Diego Bloggers should reflect that I think. So what are you waiting for? Get over there!San Diego Bloggers - Big Update!Apple acquires eMagic -- does this indicate that we're going to see an iMusician product?Apple acquires eMagic Things are moving quickly for me. July will see some trips, and some visits from family, and at least once concert. I'll be seeing Norah Jones with a good friend at the end of the month. I've been rediscovering the power of friendship lately. I think for a long time I've kept my friends at a distance, not letting them into my world, my pains, my joys. Clearly, that was a mistake for which I'm paying now. Sunday (two days ago now) I went to the beach -- Pacific Beach north of Crystal Pier. The bodysurfing was really choice. There were powerful waves, which propelled even my significant girth well. One thing though, about Sunday. Things were easygoing. In the morning, through the afternoon, I relaxed, did housework, made phone calls, listened to music and a book on tape (Elmore Leonard's "The Moonshine War"). After all that, I went to the beach. But when I got home I got hit by this wave of despair. The apartment seemed so empty -- empty because of my failures, empty because of my idiocy -- and I was overcome with it for a long while. Despite having had this really great day, the emptiness still creeps up on me. But the thing is, I knew it was not permanent. I knew that this was a strong wave that might knock me down for a while, but that I'd get up again. There's a saying about getting back on the horse, and I suppose that's apt. I'm trying to live my life, and sometimes it's going to include despair. But sometimes it contains high adventure, and family warmth, and the comfort of friendship. This is life. I'm moving on. Onward. July!Something for the RT in Me When Seconds Count: Preparing Respiratory Therapists for Mass Casualty Incident Response prepared by Frank Rando for the AARC.Something for the RT in MeJust feeling a little bit funky now. Not exactly sad. Not exactly happy. Not exactly lonely. But a little funkburger. I think the time change from Hawaii has caught up with me. Also, there is lots of stuff happening with family (new skin issues for my Grandfather, nothing major, my Aunt just got in a fender bender, and another Aunt is sick), and I'm just feeling kind of, well, funkburger about the whole enchilada.

On the Jenny front, things are favorable. I feel much friendlier towards her. We've had another session of couples counseling - and it went well. I think we will be trying to be more casually social with one another. I had been leery of even speaking with her outside of counseling -- for fear of saying the wrong thing -- for a long while. But I'm much more open to being friends with my wife.

Not that, exactly, we're going to end up Ward & June Cleaver -- but that we're always going to be in each others' lives. Whether that's as friends, or as spouses, or both -- who can say? But it feels like progress.

Hm. I think I'm emotionally drained just now as well. Yeah.

Maybe I just need to sleep?

Yeah, early to bed. That'll do it.

Nite y'all.FunkburgerThe radio show I was on back on the 16th has now been ripped to RealAudio and can now be listened to if you have RealAudio.

Ready to listen? Okay, here is the KPBS show The Lounge from July 16, 2002.

The posting done during the show is here.

Comments or questions? Gimme a holler.
UPDATE, 2010:
MP3 File of the show available: KPBS The Lounge, July 16, 2002

http://artlung.com/soundmedia/20020716-the-lounge-kpbs.mp3Radio Appearance Posted!A Picture Of Me From Waikoloa I've been an Amazon associate for several years -- and this here: Amazon.com Web Services -- makes me want to play with it more. Ideas percolating, but must stay focused on what can pay the rent first. Playtime-Tech must come second. Priorities.Amazon.com Web Services A new Negro Problem disc, called Welcome Black will be out in September. Yeehah!Welcome Black I'm tired, but feel wonderful. Back in the box. There's something really great about listening to Steely Dan when you're tired and have stuff to do. More as the day progresses and I get my bearings.Back. Tired.Well, this is a bit better. Since I last typed, I jumped off a 40 foot lava rock a few times, swam with 3 honest-to-goodness sea turtles, had some bagels and lox, flew from Maui to Hawai'i (the locals write it out that way. Hawaiian is not a written language, it's about the sound, and the apostrophe better approximates the pronunciation). I've sent a bunch of postcards (apologies to anyone I've missed); did some watercolors; lots of snorkeling; lots of swimming; walking, and yes, more.

I'm reading the out-of-print A Woman On Paper, a biography of Georgia O'Keeffe. She's a fascinating woman, as illuminated through letters and images and especially her relationship with the author, Anita Pollitzer. One thing in particular I thought fascinating was that when she was a young girl, and doing portraits of people, often she would destroy what she made soon after making them because she said she did not want them floating around to haunt her. I like that notion - of making a piece of art, then destroying. I think of some native arts where at the completion of the art, you destroy it. Sand painting I think of first. And I also think of the part in the film (also a book, but I know the movie) A River Runs Through It -- the father has the boys write a theme, he reads it, and then tells them to throw it away. That dedication to craft, coupled with the destruction of it, I find really interesting. In web design much of what I do is designed to be permanent. Jakob Nielsen says that web pages must live forever. But I think of William Gibson's Agrippa, which was created in 1992, and was far too expensive for one such as I to buy. It was designed to be read once. Then it would be destroyed. Of course, now, the text is widely available.

The internet remembers. It has a long memory. Whether that is the usenet archives or the internet archive. The net remembers forever. If it appears as bits, someone can remember it. Memory, of course, is very much the topic of much Cyberpunk fiction. Blade Runner. Johnny Mnemonic. We Can Remember It for You Wholesale / Total Recall. Robocop.

And memory is, in the end all we have.

Now I will go make more memories in the water.

Onward.Hawai'i and Memories I'm sitting in a rather lame internet kiosk which seems to only want to show me 50 of my email messages (typically I get 75 messages a day between lists and spam and mail I like). Given I've been gone 3 days, well, it adds up. Today was awesome. Went snorkling off Lanai on a charter pontoon boat. Very wonderful time. I'm getting a lot of sun, but am staying practical enough that the sunblock is being used. No burn so far, thankfully. The thing that stands out is the blueness of the water. The water is clear to an extreme. Many wonderful fish to see, and luminous coral to look at. My favorite fish (how touristy is that?) is clearly the Parrot Fish. Well, the male Parrot fish. They have amazing coloration. My words can't do them justice. My three bucks are winding up. Better go ahead and post. May post more. Sorry for being incommunicado.Greetings from Maui Off to Hawaii. Back next week. Drop me a line.Back in a fewGot a bunch of little notes during and after the radio show last night. Let's attempt to address them, shall we?

Matt Haughey thought it was pretty cool, a high compliment considering he's the Philosopher King of Metafilter (and a nice guy too).

And about the question of whether I am the real me in this journal, my friend MissEwon says: i think your online persona is pretty much the real you, maybe a tad more serious and a little less goofy. -- which is a nice thing to say, I think.

Someone named Maya asks:
I'm wondering if you'd like to share with us what happened between you and Jenny or if that is one subject you're not planning on exposing on the web?
Which is a fair question. I will answer this way: I think the specifics are things that I've alluded to. We are in joint counseling, and working at understanding how our 6 year relationship got into a space where it took a separation to keep us alive and remind us we are alive. I had always known that relationships are work. I was told this many times. I never felt it until my wife left me. But the question of how much or how little to talk about in this public place is an interesting one. And yes, I do struggle with it.

My sister had very nice things to say, and also made this observation: Life is so surreal, strange, and funny sometimes. I definitely agree 100% with that assessment.

My sister's boyfriend Daniel also sent me some pictures of my parents listening to me via a little iMac with Windows Media Player. Fun to see them in the midst of listening. I don't think I'm going to post the pictures. But they are awesome. And my parents are awesome. They drove several hours to hear that on Daniel+Kelly's broadband connection. And also to see the special edition of Cinema Paradiso.

I received a few other notes, but I'll be replying via email to them.

When I got home, I had two messages on my answering machine. One was my Grandmother &amp; Grandfather, and the other was my Mom. They were very complimentary. It was very sweet of them to call. I guess I didn't blow it. Not that the show was mine to blow, really. Hm. I think I often take more responsibilities for things than I should.

Some new inbound links, and web mentions: Joan mentioned me, and my appearance on the radio yesterday. She also added me as a sidebar link on her site. Her permalinks are not working right now, or I would point directly at what she had to say. She seems pretty cool altogether. I'm sure I'll meet her eventually at a San Diego Blog Meetup. And Mitch has added me as a sidebar link, which is a great compliment. Lester also mentioned me in his blog yesterday.

Impressions of The Radio
All in all it went well. The studio was intimate. The conversation before during, and after the show was good. Smart people talking is always interesting. They gave me a water bottle but I didn't drink it. I was very focused on being on the blog, and trying to keep track of the conversation. I don't think it's possible to be blogging and listening at the same time. Unless you're transcribing a conversation, I guess. I had met both Mitch and Lester before, so that was not new. All the people at the KPBS studio were really nice. The place is kind of a fortress - the hallways are very much like those in the open credits of the (old) TV show Get Smart. I think I would go on the radio again, it was a nice feeling. Definitely an ego boost, and a chance to plug myself, but also a chance to share what I think I've learned. I do that here on this site, on the WebSanDiego.org Mailing List, and in many venues online. And even personally, I'm always trying to share useful information with people. It's how I'm wired.

Today I'll be taking a trip. Not sure if there will be updates from the trip. Time will tell.

And as my mantra goes: Onward.Radio Followup -- Email | Phone | WebThe radio thing went well.  I'm sleepy now. Will blog the responses I got tomorrow.The radio thing went well...Being referred to now. Scary.

Mitch is talking with erudition. Nice.

Lester now. He's rad. Being asked about coming 'out.' Big questions.

It's evolving. Doing some updates in emacs.

Dirk looking over my shoulder as I update. Cool.

bak from the break.

Lots of personal questions. (squirm). But it was cool. Dirk asks good questions.

Lester discussing Kaycee Nicole. Good topic for blogs. Reality vs. Fiction.

Paying attention to the conversation makes it hard to blog.

Yikes. They keep talking about me blogging.

Short break.

Back.

Lester plugging Electroluxe. Cool. He read a good entry.

Taking calls now. A person talking about her livejournal.

Tara! calling! She's got two sites that are dead from san diego bloggers.

Wrapping it up. Nice. Went well. Already have gotten several pieces of mail from friends. Very cool.



Audio

http://artlung.com/soundmedia/20020716-the-lounge-kpbs.mp3

Being referred to now...Dirk is doing pre-show banter. Here with Lester and with Mitch and with the host of The Lounge, Dirk. He's doing the intro now.Dirk is doing pre-show banter...Blogger is not behaving.Another test...Going to try and blog this live.Testing. Testing. 1.2.3.They say you better listen to the voice of reason
But they don't give you any choice 'cause they think that it's treason
So you had better do as you are told
You better listen to the radio [+]

TONIGHT ONLY. I'll be on the radio. San Diego NPR station KPBS on the show The Lounge. topic? Blogging. Also being featured is Lester of Yeah, Totally. Time? 6:30pm California Time [Pacific Daylight Time]. If you're on the East Coast of the USA that's 9:30pm. And according to this Timezone Converter 18:30:00 Jul 16 2002 in US/Pacific converts to 01:30:00 Jul 17 2002 in GMT

If you want to listen, you'll need Windows Media Player (yes, available for Mac) Windows Media Streams from KPBS. If you're in San Diego, just turn on your radio and tune to 89.5 FM.RADIO RADIOFor Sassy Open Source Content Management System ListFor SassyNot sure whether to laugh or cry about this: Five Dumbest Things on Wall Street this Week.Not sure whether to laugh or cry about this... Omnioutliner, for OSX, appears to be an impressive piece of software. Reminds me of "Flow" from my Amiga days. Supposedly, "Inspiration" is also a good outliner -- though not available natively for OSX.Outline!Today, or rather Sunday, was kinda rough. The emptiness of the apartment I think was working on me. Sundays can be so long. Having some loneliness is no help. But anyway, I've been setting up online banking, and I've been capturing old cassettes to aiff, then to mp3 - so I can play and make CDs of them at will. Favorite rips: The Colorblind James Experience: Considering a Move To Memphis; and some Larry King stories I had taped from his old Mutual radio show back in 1986 -- The famed "Carvelle Story" and "Moppo Story" -- very funny stuff.

And yet, listening to the song "Caterpillar" by the Cure today, in the car, I started sobbing -- it's such a happy, propulsive song, I had never really listened to the words -- it's about lamenting that someone will change and fly away. I was thinking of how much Jenny changed from when she was just 18, till now, 6 years later. And how she has changed so much. She's very impressive to me.

Now, mind you, part of this public journal-keeping is that Jenny reads this, or at least she can. This is no secret message. I was just having all these thoughts about how things have changed. And Jennifer certainly has changed. I'm still not sure what it is I want. I know that I need time to continue discovering my self. I suppose a few years ago I would have made light of a person seeking to "find themselves." Well, here I am.

Enough bittersweet stuff. I also bought an ironing board (which I've needed for a while). I thought to myself, as I went into K-Mart -- gotta put on the game face, no sobbing in K-Mart. And I did. Later, I got Tiger's Milk bars (love 'em!). I also dropped off the rent check, mailed off some bills. And I went and saw the movie Enigma, which had promise, but was disappointing. The plot was extremely complex, twisting, and incoherent. I was hoping for more Alan Turing. Turing's the fascinating person in Bletchley Park. At least I think so.

Also, my pal Ewon let me know that I neglected to mention that I went and saw They Might Be Giants on Thursday night. Bad Joe! That's a bit of an interesting thing, because 13 years ago, when I first met Ewon while we were both working at the San Diego Public Library, we went and saw TMBG as a quasi-date thing. Ultimately, she became a great friend. Over a decade of friendship and counting!

I sure am rambling.

Oh! The concert! TMBG were wonderful. Highlights? Singing and dancing along to the song James K. Polk right next to someone who was as into that song as I was (I think most people don't know that song very well, I felt like we were the only two doing the obsessive fan singalong thing). Also, the band managed to do all of "Fingertips" From Apollo 18. And that, is freaking amazing, because off the page, Fingertips would seem to be impossible to play. So, that was great.

Monday night I'm going with another close friend to see Norah Jones - who is really worth checking out. Her record, Come Away With Me, is wonderful.

G'night y'all. Despite the somber stuff, today was a good day.Putting the Game Face OnI made some cursory notes for myself prior to the radio show. Here are the broad strokes of what I had on my mind. Of course, Only pieces of these were mentioned by me. Ah well, next time.

Blogs:
- age of web?
- age of internet?
- diary of a nobody
- rss, amphetadesk
- daypop
- metafilter
- marc andreeson (1st blog?)
- google
- googlebombs
- rebecca blood's history
- san diego bloggers
- 9/11
- best blogs
- best sd blogs
- international
- referrers
- kaycee nicole
- hits
- stats
- feedback
- regional
- links
- photos
- personal journal
- topical
- punditry
- camgirls
- tipping and wishlists
- audience
- comments
- warblogging
- right wing?Blog Notes Dump One of my favorite places, La Jolla Cove, was covered in squid this weekend. Check out these squid photos!Squids!... in a Longer, Interesting Speech from Bruce Sterling. Worth a read. Really worth your valuable time.

If you've been in airports recently, I believe you are seeing a pretty apt, early version of Terrorspace.  At any random moment, you can have your possessions rifled through by strangers. Your shoes are scanned, and various small but vital objects in your pockets can be confiscated by semi-educated security geeks.  They're either pathetically under-trained for the job (in which case you certainly feel no safer), or else they are intelligent and capable people (in which case you pity them and wish they had some other job, for the sake of general human happiness and the GNP).  Rather than making us any safer, Terrorspace airports serve as political indoctrination centers that humiliate our voting population on a broad scale. They are meant to inure us to ever-escalating levels of governmental clumsiness and general harm.An Excellent Observation on Airlines Steve K, who I worked with at EduPoint, is taking a year off to travel the nation with his girlfriend Natty - they've customized a van and are having an amazing time - check them and their walkabout out at www.steveandnatty.com.Steve & Natty's Excellent Adventure At Comic Con, I saw Michael L. Lovitz give several presentations on comics and intellectual property law. He also has a comic book called The Trademark &amp; Copyright Book.Comics and the Law &nbsp;&nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Wonder Woman: The Hiketeia &nbsp;&nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;&nbsp;League of Extraordinary GentlemenTwo Comics I Intend to Get At Some Point But Which I Did Not See At Comic-ConThe Food Timeline -- a History of FoodThe Food Timeline ...Ron Zeno has a blog on HCI/usability. Ron is a smart fellow. I know him via SanDCHI.Ron Zeno has a blog on HCI/usability...This article about deep breathing is good for relaxation -- and is actually close to meditation -- or even prayer.This article about deep breathing is good for relaxation ...This is interesting - a civil flag: The Mystery of the Forgotten US Flag RevealedThis is interesting - a civil flag...I don't talk about my weight here, perhaps worrying that talking about it would jinx and embarrass me. But bottom line: I've lost 55 pounds since the separation started. Much of this was just grief-related / depression-related lack of interest in food (and a general lack of interest in ANYTHING). But since then I've also been walking more, and eating less.Weight Loss Why the Zone Works So Well by Jeanne Rhynsburger, RNFrom My MomMore on the San Diego and La Jolla Squids, from CNN.More on the San Diego and La Jolla Squids...Last week I cancelled call waiting. Call waiting irritates me. If I'm on the phone, I don't want to be interrupted. I will save $3.23 per month. This is not revolutionary. But it may annoy some of the people who care about me. The intention is about focus.Last week I cancelled call waiting... Man hijacks al-Qaeda site for FBI use When Web operator Jon Messner gained control of one of al-Qaeda's prime Internet communication sites, he offered it to the FBI to use it for disinformation and collecting data about sympathizers. What followed, he says, was a week of frustration. FBI agents struggled to find someone with enough technical know-how to set up the sting. By the time they did, the opportunity was lost as militant Islamic Web users figured out the site was a decoy, said Messner of Ocean City, Md.From the "Ugh, This is Disheatening" DepartmentBruce Sterling Ranting at OSCon. Loopy. Be sure to read the part about the open source hippy girl. Truly cracked and entertaining.Bruce Sterling Ranting at OSCon... From Wired News: Almost all radio is ClearChannel these days in San Diego.Radio, RadioRock & Roll! Lots happening. Work is in progress. Watch this space. Any of you worried about me based on the last post please don't be so worried. The fact that I can say I'm depressed is a sign, to me, that I can conquer the beast. I'm rocking and rolling right now. And to those of you with whom I've not corresponded in a while. Talk to you soon. No kidding.Rock & Roll!So for the past several days I've been immersed in Comic-Con down at the San Diego Convention Center. I've been going to the Con off and on since 1985. I have some strange memories associated with the Con.

I remember many years ago, when I was living in Los Angeles, and before I was working on the web, I went to Con. I was having a good time at Con, and called my home phone to check my messages. The automated voice said "You have 8 messages." When I listened, I found that my cousin Eddie, less than a year younger than me, had committed suicide.  It was so surreal. To think that one moment One minute I was attending seminars about the direction of Batman and catching up on what Frank Miller was up to; the next minute, I'm listening to my Mother's voice telling me the worst news ever. He lived here in San Diego, and I immediately went home to the family.

I don't associate the Con with trauma though. I had a nice time. I'm having a very rough time right now. For a while last week it was as bad as it had been in the beginning of the separation from Jenny. I realize that what I've been suffering with off and on is depression. And the trick is to try and deal with it as best I can. The depression manifests itself as periods of incomprehensible sorrow and sobbing. The depression also manifests itself with a retreat from responsibilities. I'm a talented person, but when I'm in these pits, I feel impotent in the face of the world. But with activity, walking, reading, doing errands, I can sometimes snap myself out of these feelings.

Sometimes though, I can't. And that was how it was last week.

Now, how the hell am I going to retain a job or clients under these circumstances? I don't know, but I'm working on it.

Sheesh. I really should write about Con, eh?

Random Observations and Notes from Con
SwordStaff.com/ makes some amazing bladed weapons, including a Klingon Batleth. I would never buy any such thing, but the craftsmanship was impressive.

Stickfas makes a generic toy character along the lines of Kubrick Toys which you can customize any way you like. This is a neat idea.

There's a thing called The San Diego Star Wars Society. For Sassy: they use Postnuke for their community site

Another San Diego thing I'd not heard of was San Diego Asian Film Festival, taking place October 3-6, 2002.

I bought a small set of Copic Markers, as well as a how-to book on using them -- How to Draw Manga Special: Colored Original Drawing. (I like all the How to Draw Manga books) They're really nifty. I've been trying to do more drawing, ink and brushing, and watercoloring lately. It has been therapeutic.

I did not know that Minority Report had a faux-real site associated with it -- precrime.org. They had freebie flyers promoting precrime as though they were artifacts from the movie. I like immersive promotional things like this. I've no idea if they work though. And Minority Report is on the downslope of its run now, so why promote it now?

If I lived in New York City, I would attend the lecture series "Superheroes in the 60's: Comics and Counterculture, a multimedia lecture series by Arlen Schumer" at CUNY Graduate Center. It will be held on 4 consecutive Tuesday nights starting on October 29, 2002. Unfortunately the CUNY GC website has nothing about the series yet. From the flyer: In this review of the comic book superhero tradition, its personification of American Ideals and values, and how these attitudes and portrayals changed over the course of the turbulent 1960's, the works of eight acknowledged Hall of Fame comic book artists are highlighted: Carmine Infantino, Curt Swan, Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko, Gil Kane, Joe Kubert, Jim Steranko and Neal Adams. Their comic art not only reflected the dominant motifs of the '60s, from the futuristic idealism of Infantino to the cinematic realism of Adams, but most importantly, the superheroes they drew changed -- from establishment conservatives like Superman, The Flash and Green Lantern to counterculture liberals like Spider-Man, Doctor Strange and Green Arrow.

CafePress.com had a booth. I thought that was a pretty good idea for them.

Sheldon is a nice online comic. Their flyer included example strips -- a smart move. Many promotional flyers I saw did not give any samples of stuff. I'm sorry, but clever drawings are not enough to get me to sample an online comic.

There's a zine called FlipperSmack, which I knew about through Charles and Pinguino, both of whom have sites on SDB. I found a small flyer for it. I'm guessing it was Pinguino, though I didn't see her there.

Illustration Magazine is expensive, quarterly, and of the highest quality. I'll have to tell my friend Chris about it.

On Sunday I attended a presentation about the classic science fiction film Blade Runner. Paul Sammon gave the presentation. He made many teasing comments about a possible new special edition DVD for next year. It could have lots of new material, including on-set documentary footage, the BBC Channel 4 documentary, and all the various versions. Also of note is that Ridley Scott is working on a new cut of the film, a Blade Runner: Special Edition. You can read a bit more from Sammon on various BR topics at BRmovie.com. Another tidbit: apparently Dustin Hoffman was originally hired and paid to play Deckard, of course Harrison Ford ended up as Deckard.

A presentation by Kurt Busiek included the recommendation of Amy Unbounded as a wonderful comic for younger girls.

Saturday Night I attended a presentation from 20th Century Fox. I saw part of The Hulk presentation. They showed some footage I guess, but I missed that. The director, Ang Lee was enthusiastic about the film. We'll see if it can be pulled off. All these comic book movies promise amazing, over-the-top action and effects, but given Lee's wondrous Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, it just might work. A question was asked of Lee about going overbudget on the Hulk, a source of some controversy-- and he answered: "I never go overbudget, I never go overschedule -- but I'm having a blast!"

In another surprise, James Cameron came out and was talking about Solaris, due this Thanksgiving. Cameron is producing the film, with Steven Soderbergh directing. He showed a clip which was suitably moody. Solaris is from the classic Stanislaw Lem science fiction novel. Also, Cameron mentioned that he's also working on a film adaptation of Battle Angel Alita.

In a neat twist, the guy who did The Green Goblin's Last Stand asked to give Cameron a copy of the film he had made to get Cameron's attention many years ago, back when it was Cameron who had Spider-Man in development. Cameron let the filmmaker, Dan Poole, come up, and accepted a DVD from the guy. For those who know about GGLS, that was a special moment. "I made it for YOU!!!" Poole said to Cameron. Neat.

The final surprise was the Daredevil panel. The movie looks like it could flop, but Ben Affleck showed up at the Con. I feel like I should have something more to say about that. Ah well, Daredevil comes out in February of 2003.

For the Ferreteer: Thunderbirds are coming to TechTV.

On Friday I attended a fun panel hosted by Mark Evanier and including Sergio Aragones, Scott Shaw!, Erik Larsen, and John Romita Jr. -- they basically improvised lots of cool stuff -- drawing for the audience based on suggestions a la "Who's Line Is It Anyway?" It's fun to watch talented people draw. It was inspirational to me, who's trying to do more drawing.

I also got to see Ray Bradbury talking with Julius Schwartz. That was even more inspirational. Ray Bradbury has had a long, influential, and interesting career. He talked about flying and the fear of flying. He talked about sticking to what you love even when "stupid sonovabitches" tell you not to. Ray rocks. I also drew him.
I think things are looking up. I have a lot of work to do. Sorry for the lack of updates. Depression; Comic-Con Wrap UpBill Maudlin needs help.Bill Maudlin needs help...Here are some good quotes on truth and honesty. These two words mean a great deal to me. Pondering these words these past weeks.Here are some good quotes on truth and honesty...Too busy a weekend to talk about now. But I'm definitely gonna be talking about it! In the meantime, my sister sent me a picture from a long lost roll of 110 (remember those old cartridges?) film, and unearthed this picture of the two of us from sometime in the very early 1980s (I think I'm like 13 years old here?) -- it's really awesome. I think we're in front of Old Faithful in Yellowstone. I look like a smart aleck, I think. Or maybe I'm just laughing. Thanks Kelly!

Whew! Long Lost Geyser Picture the boy has to be smarter than the girl, my ASS. MY TAKE: damn the rules. the rules are for suckers. society makes all these rules about how we're supposed to be, about what is permissible. of course some of them make sense. careful and cautious evaluation needs to be done. and in so doing, we may find that some of these so-called rules make no sense, and must be thrown out. EVERYTHING YOU KNOW IS WRONG.read someone else's blog for a second I remember the night &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and the Tennessee Waltz And I knew &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;just how much I had lost Yes, I lost my little darlin' the night they were playing The beautiful Tennessee Waltz The beautiful Tennessee Waltzsong of the weekendTo those of you who dropped me notes about my horse metaphor, thank you. You're very kind, and you have articulate and moving thoughts. They certainly put my thoughts to shame. You know who you are.

Today was a good day. I'll now get a little sappy and wish everyone out there a lovely weekend.

Onward!THANK YOUI like this shirt. The "clients" one is best.I like this shirt... If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now. - Marie OsmondQuote of the Day compu-art.org looks interesting.SDAI: San Diego Art Institute: Computer Arts Program I picked up a flyer at Con about a new Cybercafe: Wired Cyber Cafe / Internet Access and PC Games / $3 per hour ($2 minimum) / Open Every Day 9:30am-10:30pm+ / 853 Hornblend St, Pacific Beach (Behind Long's on Mission) The flyer lists a phone number of 858-490-8060. I've never been there. Perhaps sometime. Cyber Cafe in Pacific Beach I was speaking with a dear friend tonight. What I want out of life is to be happy. I also want calmness. I'd like to be calm, more. A metaphor occured to me. The metaphor is this. I am a nervous horse in a stable. Jittery. Lumbering. There are people there with me. They are nervous as I twitch and rear up.  I am conscious of the danger to them, and to myself. This tension and disquietude sometimes spiral out of control, and pain is the result. What I need is a soothing voice. A quiet, strong voice to calm me down. An outside force to relax and me. But here's the problem: If I become reliant on that outside voice, then when it's gone, I go out of control. The trick is for me to find the voice of calm that is inside me. The sense of serenity must originate inside me if I'm to have a happy life. But now and again, a soothing voice from outside is wonderful.Nervous Horse MetaphorThe EFF has created a page to voice your opposition to the Berman Bill, (the Bill) would give copyright holders what amount to Letters of Marque, to hack and disable personal computers. From the comfort of your chair you can send your representative a letter in opposition to this bill which will only add more power to the "Entertainment Industry Congressional Welfare Program" and allow them to turn the internet into a gated community for themeselves. (via the head lemur)The EFF has created a page to voice your opposition to the Berman Bill... From Steve E.: Intelligent and thought-provoking take on the "music industry vs. Internet" battle. Written by Janis Ian of the 60s Society's Child fame.:  &nbsp;&nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;&nbsp;Fallout - a follow up to The Internet Debacle &nbsp;&nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Internet Debacle - an alternative view From Steve E...FBI laptops and guns go missing: The US Justice Department is left red-faced after an audit reveals the loss of 775 weapons and more than 400 computers -- OUCH!FBI laptops and guns go missing...From Gail: 2 art sites: WetCanvas.com and JUXTAPOZ.comFrom Gail...Joan describes me as: a pia colada with chips and salsa. Before you know it you've wiped out the entire basket of chips, are asking for more salsa, and could we have an extra umbrella in the next drink? no idea what that means, but I kinda like it.Joan describes me as...When people say M$, I say this.When people say M$...From Kynn: more on the (mythical? fictional?) civil flag, which I mentioned before -- U.S. Civilian Flag? and Flag Related Myths and Folklore (United States) / Civilian Flag.Civil Flag Update Jenny has updated her journal. And yes, it's true. We've been seeing more of each other. It's a peculiar situation, but it's been friendly. Not romantic. But very pleasant. At the core of it, we are excellent friends. Worst Case Scenario is that we had 5 out of 6 happy years in our committed relationship. Not a bad track record. But we shall see what happens with more counseling and time.Jenny Updates Journal! Rumi is very interesting. Check out this site for more of his poetry. (via a friend)Rumi I used to view personal interplay as a chance to "put my best face forward" - and in so doing I shut myself off. There's a line in a Talking Heads song - Nothing But Flowers-- "Years ago, I was an angry young man, and I'd pretend, that I was a billboard" -- and that's where I was at. I was truthful, sure, but I think I always tried to spin things in the most positive way possible. Maybe that's an Enron thing, using accounting tricks to show profits and success when really there was none. Not of course that I was that destructive and deceitful. But I definitely hid things about myself. A blessing of these days is that I'm much more open about my own faults. This has had benefits in the personal, the romantic, the professional, the artistic, and the spiritual spheres. Jenny and I had dinner last night. I made my hamhanded attempt to cook (the salad was lovely!) and we spoke and talked about this and that as well as more serious topics. It was open and good. Jenny is a good friend to me. Then we went and saw the Austin Powers movie. Then we went to what is supposedly the largest Target in the world and shopped and talked. I feel very much her friend. We spoke openly and honestly. It gratifies me to be in that space. Pleasant. I've been struggling lately with the compulsion I have to be with someone. But I think I'm realizing that I don't have to be with someone all the time. Someone wrote to me we are always with ourselves - which sounded odd to me at first, but makes sense. My Mom says that we are always with God. I don't have the faith in that truth that she does. But I do believe in truth, and in love. These are both unmeasurable, abstract concepts. So perhaps there's more faith in me than I ever realized. But the ideas of God as presented to me in my youth do not motivate or convince me. Spiritual growth is something I have as a goal, certainly. Much reading and research and self-searching to do in that area. Okay, onward.I'd Pretend, That I Was A Billboard Sour Experience A Long Island mother is fuming that JFK Airport security guards forced her to drink her own breast milk in front of other passengers before boarding a flight - to prove she wasn't carrying any dangerous fluid to wreak havoc. Sour ExperienceCamille Paglia speaks on all and sundry! Worth a thorough read. She excoriates many in this piece, and writes from a historical perspective that gets missed in all the talk of a "War On Terror." Check it...  But as a chain of suicide bombers steadily blew up buses and restaurants in Israel over the past year, my sympathy for the Palestinian cause has gradually diminished. War, declared or undeclared, justifies attacks on military targets. But the massacre of civilians - in the World Trade Center or at a Jerusalem market - is barbarism. What kind of state could be formed by people who tolerate and cheer such atrocities? When moderate factions are so feeble, who can believe that a Palestinian state would not be the staging area for missile attacks on Israel? My reading of history - based on the rise and fall of Egypt, Assyria, Babylon, Persia, Rome, and Byzantium - is that the world has embarked on a long period of uncertainty, a century or more of grotesque contrasts. There will be years, even decades of Western affluence and peace, then scattered outbreaks of violence and chaos, put down by assertions of military and police power, verging on the fascist. Should there be severe climatic shifts affecting food production (a subject I harped on in my Salon column), the world economy would be destabilized, and complex societies would unravel. Camille Paglia speaks on all and sundry!Monkey makes fabulous sorbet in a sack is genius. From cooking with monkey.Monkey makes fabulous sorbet in a sack is genius... The Kid Stays In the Picture is a wonderful movie. I saw it last weekend. It's the documentary of the life in Hollywood of one Robert Evans. It's based by his book of the same name. I really like the guy's attitude. He is a can-do, jerk. But he seems to be forthright about what he is and what he's about. He's had amazing falls and has won and lost fortunes and reputation, and through it all he still has hope and a desire to do interesting and successful work. If it comes to your town, and you love movies, see it.The KidFor PHP Geeks PDF Generation with PHPFor PHP Geeks Seventh Annual Bourbon Street Wine Tasting- Cabaret Noir on  Thursday, August 29, 2002. Looks cool. Check out Mama's Kitchen. Seventh Annual Bourbon Street Wine Tasting- Cabaret Noir on Thursday...The $50,000 question these days I find myself asking myself is this. Am I going to be okay? Do things really work themselves out? Does time heal all wounds? Will Batman escape the clutches of the nefarious Dr. Freeze?

I am confronted more and more with my own optimism. It's been more than 3 months since Jenny and I separated. At the beginning of that time, I was in constant, crushing pain. I was immobilized, lost my appetite, was crying constantly, and making tremendously bad decisions about how to act. Gradually I've tried to get my ass in gear and take care of myself. I have turned my powers of observation and problem solving on their ear. My appetite for mastery of computer and internet technologies, my obsession for understanding, and applied that to my own life.

I've been doing the forensic analysis of my life, and my marriage. Hospitals have a concept - the M&amp;M conference. These "mortality and morbidity" conferences are where frank discussions about what deaths and injuries occur in the hospital. The idea is to learn from mistakes, and improve the quality of care in the hospital. I think of what I have been doing as the chance to do that kind of soul searching. I have been lucky that Jennifer also came to be willing to do this kind of work.

I have expressed to Jennifer personally how thankful I am to her for engaging in joint counseling with me. I now also do so publicly. Thank you Jenny.

This notion of my public face is so odd. I always have known that my web space is  public. I have found, though, that my increased notoriety brings more visitors. And not just visitors, respondents!  I have gotten much good advice, empathy, and love from these kind people. Add to that, my mother, and some members of my family check in here to see what Joe's up to.

I wonder about this? I have become somewhat self-conscious about it all. I can't tell that I've altered my behavior, or what I say here, but I am conscious of it. I suppose this is a taste of fame. For some, it inflates egos, for some, it destroys. I find that the dose I have gotten maybe makes me even more skeptical of fame than ever. Like I'm getting an inoculation from seeking fame somehow.

But really, I seek tonight to answer that question. Should You Be Worried About Joe?  I believe the answer is no. Particularly over something like the poem from the other night, do not fret. At 1 in the morning, I'm sure I'm more dramatic and maudlin than I am at other times of the day. I think you should think of this blog as only a sampling of my experiences and life. It's not the sum total of my life. I've been reading a biography of Georgia O'Keeffe these days. What has struck me is how much happens in a life, and that incapsulating it all is impossible. At best we get truthful glimpses. My hope is that this space, this blog, provides something like that. But it's not everything. Not by a longshot.

So please, take my whimpers of pain with grains of salt. Sometimes I'm more down than others. I cry easily these days. My Grandmother says that's her family's influence -- the emotional edginess that can strike unexpectedly. I think I feel empowered that I can now say that at times in my life I struggle with depression. I think that knowing this about myself makes me more capable to cope with it. I always assumed that stoicism and time will heal anything. But now I find myself in the position of needing to be able to step outside myself and watch myself. This shift in perspective has been beneficial. What am I doing? Why do I do it? How do I feel? Listening to my self is a must if I'm to live an authentic life.

So what's new? Well, tonight Jenny, Erin and I went and saw the Margaret Cho concert movie. It was great to see Jenny. Our friend Tracy was supposed to go, but she was in a car wreck the other day, and found out today that the car is a total loss. Dealing with the financial aspects of that, as well as being shaken up by a bad accident, and add to that a cracked sternum and real pain -- I realize that I'm very lucky. I'm having good thoughts for Tracy now. I want things to work out for her.

Anyway, though I saw Jenny briefly, I would like to see her again, perhaps this weekend. We'll see if that works out, schedule-wise. Joint counseling went so well last week that we're taking several weeks off. The lines of communication are super-open, and we are talking and communicating. I'm very pleased to have her as a friend -- as a person with whom I can share confidences. She's a remarkable woman, and I would like her to be happy. I would like to continue exploring our friendship, for I have no idea where we are headed.

Additionally, I think it's time to acknowledge here that I've engaged in an outside relationship during this separation. The intensity of this relationship has dwindled and changed of late. I have been honest and forthright about this with my parents and sister, and with my closest friends, this includes Jennifer. I don't feel the shame over it that I think I would have. It's peculiar to write about it now. It's peculiar to mention it so publicly. But for some reason, I feel I should. It's an important aspect of my experience of the past months. It is no longer a romance, but a great deal of the pain I have felt lately I can tell is over that. This is something that has been on my mind a great deal, and watching myself and my behavior has shed light on motives and mistakes I have made in the past 20 years of decisions, feelings and attitudes about women. I am deciding to keep talk like this unspecific. I have no desire to air every one of my character flaws; I do not want to embarrass or expose anyone I care about to trouble. Suffice it to say that I am clearly a human being, and I have made mistakes, some large, some small, in my life. And with luck, like an M&amp;M conference, my thinking about these incidents will help me learn to provide better care.

In this case, the patient is me. I  must take care of myself. Interestingly, this is the advice my parent's gave me three months ago: that I needed to use this time to take care of myself.  And again, there's a reminder of how lucky I am.

The effort I am currently engaged in is to take care of myself.

As many of you have noted, I like to sign off messages of this depth with...

Onward.Should You Be Worried About Joe? Big Update Using Form.FieldNames to get every Form Field name/value pair in Cold Fusion. I'm proud of it. Not bad for an hour and fifteen minutes worth of research and code. Discrete coding demonstrations I like.New Lab Item, but Offsite: Sassy completed his magnum opus (which I think means "great work") -- the name of his great work is Typography for the Web of Information a few days ago. It's thorough, and he put it together for school.OpusAlone In The Night by joe it has to be okay to be alone in the night the emptiness of aloneness could be interpreted as an opportunity for independence for self-sufficiency but sometimes the aloneness just feels hollow and the result is sorrow and the result is sadness and the result is despair and the result is insomnia and the result is pain and the result is crying and the result is intractable and the result is ugly and the result tortures me but i must learn to be alone in the night to not depend on another person or even an audience for comfortAlone In The Night Janece is a CURRENT WebSanDiegan. ArtLung.com regrets the error. :-)Correction: Janece C (former WebSanDiegan, current Seattleite)  is blogging about running and about more than that. Check it!JaneceIsBlogging John V sends: purportal, a resource for debunking myths! Worth a bookmark. I also like snopes.com for unearthing hoaxes and urban myths and such.Mythinators! I'm freelancing. Yes, freelancing. And yes, I'm for hire. Hire me or even just contact me. Anyway, today this article: How can I take the result of a SELECT...MULTIPLE or a group of same-named checkboxes and turn it into a query? That is, if the user selects 3 answers, how can I construct a query that looks for all 3? was extremely useful. Onward!ASP and SQL Tricks No it isn't very easy When you're left on your own No it isn't very easy When each road you take Is one more mistake There's no-one to break your fall And lead you back home, yeah We all like to climb to the heights of love Where our fantasy world can be found But you must know in the end When it's time to descend That there is no easy way down - by Dusty SpringfieldLyric of the Day Kynn is busy lately -- here he is being consulted as an expert on wired news and here he is being goofy (Kirby Dots!) in WWNKD: the comic strip. And have you bought his CSS Book yet?My Nutty Pal Kynn Visibone has new cards featuring JavaScript. That is rad. Visibone makes wonderful stuff for web developers.JavaScript Cheat SheetsFrom Steve E: Why Lindows Ultimately Won't Matter. Lindows is less compelling to me as a concept now than when I wrote Lindows, The Pitch. The article is worth a read.From Steve E... I think Alanis Morrisette's video for So Pure is rad. Check it out I think Alanis Morrisette's video for So Pure is rad...Here's a good reason to respect Larry Lessig. He deals with (cantankerous, argumentative, trolling) Dave Winer with aplomb.Here's a good reason to respect Larry Lessig... So i'm geeking out with massive amounts of people here at the Fashion Valley Apple Store for their 10:20 Mac OS X Event tonight. It's amazing what an overpriced upgrade can create in the Mac faithful. Lots of excitement. Okay. Gotta get outta here now.Live from the Apple Store Fashion Valley Via John: GeekPAC -- GeekPAC is an organization created for the specific purpose of Lobbying Directly to Influence Elections and the passage of legislation that fits the goals of our organization. We are a "PRO" Information Technology, "PRO" Freedom of Information, "PRO" Equal Access, "PRO" Freedom of Innovation and "PRO" Free Enterprise organization. In essence we speak directly too issue that appeals to the people who live with, and work with technology. Our goal is to become a voice to better represent those people.  -- this has got Doc Searls and Eric Raymond on the contact list. So this seems like the real deal. I'm skeptical of using the same corrupt lobbying system to make changes. But the name of the game in Washington is using influence the way other powers do. I suppose lobbying is a necessary evil. Considering all the shenanigans Congress has been up to, and how "in the pocket" they are to corporate and media interests when it comes to issues in computing, lobbying is the thing we geeks need to do. I suppose merely voting isn't enough.Geek Activism?This is how to get people to do things. You decide you're going, and bring 'em along!This is how to get people to do things...There is a great deal of food for thought in Power and Weakness by Robert Kagan, from Policy Review. (via bruce sterling). It's a long but good article.

... The United States is a behemoth with a conscience. It is not Louis xiv's France or George III's England. Americans do not argue, even to themselves, that their actions may be justified by raison d'etat. Americans have never accepted the principles of Europe's old order, never embraced the Machiavellian perspective. The United States is a liberal, progressive society through and through, and to the extent that Americans believe in power, they believe it must be a means of advancing the principles of a liberal civilization and a liberal world order. Americans even share Europe's aspirations for a more orderly world system based not on power but on rules--after all, they were striving for such a world when Europeans were still extolling the laws of machtpolitik.

But while these common ideals and aspirations shape foreign policies on both sides of the Atlantic, they cannot completely negate the very different perspectives from which Europeans and Americans view the world and the role of power in international affairs. Europeans oppose unilateralism in part because they have no capacity for unilateralism. Polls consistently show that Americans support multilateral action in principle--they even support acting under the rubric of the United Nations--but the fact remains that the United States can act unilaterally, and has done so many times with reasonable success. For Europeans, the appeal to multilateralism and international law has a real practical payoff and little cost. For Americans, who stand to lose at least some freedom of action, support for universal rules of behavior really is a matter of idealism. ...Power and Weakness by Robert Kaganxplane's xblog has redesigned. Nice.xplane's xblog has redesigned...Tom Bickle writes:

If you thought the handcuff exchange was funny, you'd love a similar back 'n forth, early on in the movie "Ransom."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Perp:  "Oww!  These cuffs are too tight!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cop (in a heavy Noo Yawk accent): "Oh yeah, dat's because they're new -
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;give 'em time, they'll stretch."
From The My-Readers-Make-Me-Laugh-Too! DepartmentI'm really glad I went to the Blog Meetup last night. I carpooled with the lovely and talented Tara, which was pretty cool unto itself. The location, Claire de Lune. I like that place - it was the site of the most successful WebSanDiego.org Happy Hour -- #6, which is 2 years ago now.

But I digress.

Who was there? Alphabetically, it was Ali, CriticalMAS, Lura, Roman, and Tara. Maybe a small turnout, but isn't it about quality, not quantity? This is my theory. Heh. The conversation was wide-ranging - from the latest funny stuff in the blogosphere, to relationships, pranks, marriage, dealing with image theft, coffee, and lots of stuff in-between. It was definitely worth going. It was a very cool crew. I'll go next month too, I think.

So what are others saying about the Meetup? Here's Lura (who good heavens! makes me blush!) and Roman (and that kid does have some very cool design stuff happening). I added Roman to San Diego Bloggers and Lura has put in a sidebar link, so I moved her up the list.

A fun time was had by all, as they say.

I think I shoulda got a Chai Tea though. But I'm trying to save money, so no beverage was probably a good call.Blog Meetup Recap Maxim, with an honest-to-goodness insightful article on relationships. I think Maxim is a problematic magazine, really. But it sure does signify the culture of American maleness -- at least these days. O-dub might be proud of this link. He's said Maxim is is favorite magazine. (via bruce sterling)Maxim's Insight? Sent out a big proposal today for some work. I think I've done good due diligence as far as time and cost breakdowns. Hope it goes well! The proposal process is a painful one, but a necessary one. If the client and the developer (in this case me) don't agree, there's problems. So it's best to do as complete a breakdown as possible before starting work. So we'll see! In the meantime, going to see a pal tonight and then to blog meetup tonight! Wheee!Huzzah Me! Blog Meetup San Diego is Today Helen Bannerman wrote the book Little Black Sambo. Interesting person. Venor Vinge and Ray Kurzweil chat about the Singularity I was watching some NYPD Blue during the day on Tuesday. Nice exchange between the Rick Schroeder policeman character and a woman under arrest:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Woman:  "These cuffs are tight!"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cop: "Yeah, they come like that from the factory." I laughed out loud. :-)Misc... &raquo; Stew (New York Times) Stew is witty, musical, and is backed by great musicians. If you've not heard the Negro Problem, or Stew, you owe it to yourself to check them out. stewsongs.com has more information. &raquo; Norah Jones (Jambase) I saw Norah Jones a few weeks back and she is amazing. What a voice. I've also picked up some live cuts of hers on limewire. She does a version of The Tennessee Waltz that blows me away. More of her at norahjones.com.Read about my two of my favorite musical artists these days:Rules of the House of God III. AT A CARDIAC ARREST, THE FIRST PROCEDURE IS TO TAKE YOUR OWN PULSE. at VFTHRules of the House of God Alyson Hannigan (from Buffy The Vampire Slayer) sure is cute. You know, when I was in Los Angeles, I once interviewed with the company that developed and maintained the Buffy site for Fox. I didn't get the gig, ended up at Jamison/Gold instead. Everything worked out for the best professionally. Alyson Hannigan (from Buffy The Vampire Slayer) sure is cute... So today I got a bunch of work done. Did some invoices for work already done. Did some work on a proposal for a project I may get to work on which may help me pay that darned rent. On a more depressing note, today I closed out the joint bank account Jenny and I shared. So... anticlimactic. But, i signed some papers, and poof! No more account. More changes and alterations. I also went and did my laundry. On the whole I prefer the Sunday morning/Saturday morning crowd for laundry. Monday night was a lot of single guys. Frankly, I have no interest in single guys. Give me older women and single women and moms with kids! These people are fun. Single guys are so sullen. Er, I hope not like me. Heh heh. On an entirely other note, Monday was pretty good, really. Busy and nice. Tired now. Time for bed.Monday Recap Well, humans are very aggressive and scrappy, and go to war at the drop of a hat. However, a standard land war is no longer going to work as it is no longer technically possible. There are no fronts, the commanding headquarters of generals can be smashed instantly and are number-one targets, supply lines can be interdicted at will, trans-border invasions by organized national armies are heavily disapproved by large coalitions of nations. War as Napoleon knew it just not possible any more. However, we're very unlikely to accept or recognize "world peace" even when we get it. Therefore, events that Queen Victoria would recognize as outrages, frontier skirmishes or minor popular rebellions will be reclassified as "war." And so will major atrocities such as biological warfare and surreptitious nuclear explosions. They used to be seen as insane or unthinkable acts of madmen. But if they take place they'll be called "war" too. And there will still be no conventional war. - Bruce Sterling in Inside the Military Entertainment Complexwhat does war mean today? Male Answer Syndrome is the annoying tendency of most men to answer questions regardless of whether they actually know the answer. I'm pretty sure I read that somewhere. via Mark's Very Large National Lampoon Site I am afflicted. Male Answer Syndrome I have 9 Morrissey CDs. They are enumerated below for no terribly good reason: &raquo; World of Morrissey &raquo; Southpaw Grammar &raquo; Beethoven was Deaf &raquo; Your Arsenal &raquo; Malajusted &raquo; Kill Uncle &raquo; Vauxhall and I &raquo; My Early Burglary Years &raquo; Viva Hate Wait. Where's Bona Drag? &raquo; Bona Drag Correction. I have 10 Morrissey CDs. What that means is left as an exercise for the reader.Moz. Realtime. Personally I disagree with Yahoo, and IDC. Personally I find China's ability to combine censorship, oppression and capitalism as frightening as Al Qaeda. But let's not be blind to realities here. And it seems that the Post's coverage is willfully blind to them. China means profits. Participating in the Chinese "opportunity" means colluding with the Tienanmien murderers. It's a price capitalism willingly plays. That's the reality. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&raquo;read the whole note, in context, in the  IP archives Smartest Thing Written on Yahoo and China I like Norah Jones' music a lot. I like Frank Zappa a lot. I ordered a CD many months ago that just arrived. FZ:OZ. It's great. Cashflow while freelancing can be an adventure. Sometimes not a good adventure. I have good friends. It's fun to have sleepovers. Mystery Science Theater 3000 was a great show, and a good movie. I've not played racquetball in a week and a half, and I miss it. I'll be pet sitting for Jenny this weekend! My wife is one of my best friends. I think she will not be my wife for all time. I think she will be my friend for all time. I need more discipline to keep my dishes clean. Tiger's Milk bars are a part of a  great breakfast. My car burns a lot of oil, but it's 13 years old, and it runs. If I had all the money in the world, I'd buy one of those Thunderbirds. A convertible. If I had all the money in the world, I'd want to turn myself into Alfred Stieglitz. The idea of fostering art and artists, while engaging in commerce, is a very attractive one. Perhaps there's a way to make this happen without having all the money in the world. I have been making mix tapes since 1984. I was 14 years old. This year I'm starting to make mix CDs. I am 32 years old. A mix tape can tell a story. My mix tapes often evoke moods. The best ones do both. I like to tell stories and evoke moods. I think I always have. Neat Stuff Part of the interesting thing about a public website is the utter latitude I have to post any old thing I like. Such is the power of self-publishing. Luckily, I don't post absolutely everything I write and create. I create like mad, and I hope my internal editor makes good decisions about what I make public. In that vein, there are some new words (which is a space for longer more permanent pieces). It was written for a friend on the day their Divorce was final. As I think of it, it's a meditation on all life transitions. It is called Becoming: A Meditation On Your Divorce DayNew Poetry  Love != Sex Sex != Love  And yet, these things are clearly, brightly related. But the simple equation I've had in my head for so long, that Sex=Love, is not a true one. In fact, it may not be as simple as a rational mathematical relationship. The complexity of my heart, and the vastness of the complexity of human relationships, continues to surprise me. For non-programmers: an exclamation mark followed by an equals sign indicates "not equal to"Lesson and Realization Lyrics to Considering a Move To Memphis by the Colorblind James Experience... Memphis is the kind of town That won't feel like a trap Besides I kind of like the way It sits there on the map I'm considering a move to Memphis That's Memphis, Tennessee It worked for Elvis Presley Why can't it work for me? The people in the restaurants there Will all use forks and knives They won't take decongestants though For fear of getting hives Ba ba ba-ba ba ba Ba ba ba-ba ba ba Ba ba ba-ba ba ba I'm considering I'm considering A move to Memphis A move to Memphis I'm considering I'm considering Lyrics of the Day MAS sent me this link, which Lura mentioned at blog meetup last week -- it purports to be the blog of a Barnes and Noble store manager. And here it is: PITA: The Wacky Customer Archives -- it's pretty darn funny. I hope I'm not a customer like some of these customers!B&N Blog Joe's Playlist Today (this is the day of lists) Dirty Work: Steely Dan Loddy Doddy: Slick Rick Oh No: Mothers of Invention Sing Your Life: Morrissey Unsent: Alanis Morissette It Wasn't Me: Shaggy Stink: John Lurie Screenwriters's Blues: Soul Coughing Considering a Move To Memphis: Colorblind James Experience Angels: David Byrne I challenge you to find a pattern there. Joe's Playlist Today In the past 2 months we've had a bunch more San Diego blogs (which is to say any blog in San Diego County - it could be Oceanside or Vista or El Cajon or Lakeside or Solana Beach) added to SDBloggers. It's been really cool seeing this site evolve. Blogs come, they go. Lots of interesting reading... 07/02/2002 Chris's Marathon RunningBlog 07/03/2002 the world according to bill 07/03/2002 penguinspeak 07/10/2002 HybridEmotion 07/10/2002 blue monster 07/10/2002 The Indepundit 07/11/2002 {Hairy Toes &amp; Lemonade Rhino} 07/11/2002 a day in the life of Aegan the Elf 07/15/2002 aucella.net 07/15/2002 The Hsu Box 07/15/2002 AndrewPhelps 07/25/2002 Odd Man Out 07/25/2002 Under My Skin 07/25/2002 drew 07/28/2002 penniepie online 07/29/2002 Horologium 08/05/2002 A Still Verdictless Life 08/07/2002 in my mind's zen garden 08/07/2002 Ron's Ramblings 08/19/2002 One-Trick CyberPony 08/20/2002 katerhealy 08/22/2002 Fish-EYE 08/22/2002 romandiaz.com 08/27/2002 jason.evans.online San Diego Bloggers - Changes July - August!Phew.

I had a great time in Los Angeles yesterday.

I left at quarter of 9, and traffic started immediately. Luckily though, I was not late for the Web405 brunch at Du-Par's. Excellent company and a lovely traditional breakfast (eggs over easy and turkey links). Good to see old colleagues and meet new friends too. Dennis was a class act as usual, and I got to see Bill Kelley and finally meet Joanna Minneci who I've known virtually for a few years, and finally met in person. After Du-Pars we all sojourned to The Grove, a new mall adjacent to Farmer's Market -- where we took a gander at their Apple Store.

I was wearing the Jaguar T-Shirt I got the night before at the San Diego Apple Store. Now, those of you who have met me know I'm a large fellow. Well, I've been wearing XXL for 4 years, maybe longer. This shirt is XL, and pretty much fits. I think for new shirts it's going to be on a case by case basis what my size actually is. But but my clothing sizes are clearly changing. This is a good thing.

After the Apple Store the '405ers parted ways and I headed out to the streets of L.A.

I've always liked driving in Los Angeles.

Let me say that again. It bears repeating. I've always liked driving in Los Angeles.

At this point I will point out that I am indeed undergoing counseling, but that "the driving in L.A." has not come up as a character flaw. It may be the novelty of it, I don't get up to L.A. often, so I'm romanticizing it.

The through-line of this post has drifted. Pardon me. Let's get back on track. Shall we?

After Farmer's Market I did what I said I was going to do Saturday morning. I headed first for Opamp Books. What a great technical bookstore that is. I set a limit on my spending beforehand. Budgeting is important. I ended up walking around with several books, including Kynn's CSS Book and a book on Proposals and Software specifications, but I ended buying with three books. All of them have real practical value to me now. They are: Mac OS X Pocket Reference, VBScript Pocket Reference, and The Computer Consultants Guide: Second Edition: Real Life Strategies for Building a Successful Consulting Career.

I have a habit when buying technical books. I decide on a task that maybe I have done with technology, or with a similar technology, and see if the book would have helped me. I chose the proposal/negotiation process I recently went through. I checked the consulting book's index. On looking, it brought up things that I did not think of. This makes the book a winner! Also, the VBScript book explicated some things about some functions I used on the ASP/Microsoft Access Project which is slowly finishing up. And the OS X Pocket Guide had so many good tiplets and productivity ideas I thought it was a good idea to have. I don't have any OS X books yet. Well, now I do.

Next on the Tour de Librer&iacute;as de Los Angeles was Aron's Records. I picked up some cheap used CDs and movies. Steely Dan's Can't Buy a Thrill, Matthew Sweet's In Reverse, Alanis Morissette's Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie (I've been listening to the song So Pure so compulsively in the past year or so I figured I should get the whole record). I also got Zappa's "Francesco Zappa" and Randy Newman's Bad Love. On the cheap VHS movie front, I got Get Shorty (a very "L.A." movie) and a widescreen version of Mister Roberts, a favorite of mine since I was a kid.

My habit at stores with large used sections, like Aron's, is to go through ALL the CDs. That's what I did - went from Z to A looking at everything. When I worked at the library there were two tasks we Library Aides would do that looked at every item on the shelves. We would do "reading" - which was looking at every book on the shelves and assure they were in order. And "maintaining" - which is straightening up each and every book to make sure the spines were flush with the edge of the shelves themselves. I think my speed with those tasks makes me somehow more patient. Like I can get myself to look at every one of the CDs at Aron's because I was equipped to do that in a job I had 14 years ago.

It was hot in L.A. yesterday. The car was really good. Luckily, the Joe-Mobile does have good air conditioning. But I was thirsty. And I tell you, on a  hot day, Gatorade is a wonderful thing.

I hit Golden Apple Comics after that. It's on Melrose Avenue. Melrose is a street Erin and Tracy and I used to explicitly go down to see what was cool. Not that we were cool, but we liked to see what was cool. Lots to see. People dressed every which way. Kids in mohawks, for all the world looking like 70's era punks. I also saw a young woman, no more than 17, perfectly outfitted in a black miniskirt, punky blonde and black hair, and an English Beat T-shirt. She could have been an extra in a John Hughes movie! (Probably Sixteen Candles). I was disappointed, I didn't find the Wonder Woman or League of Extraordinary Gentlemen books I had pined for a few weeks ago. I did pick up 'Nuff Said. 'Nuff Said is a reprinting of several Marvel Comics which are entirely wordless. They also include the original scripts after each story. As a pure exercise in wordless storytelling it seems pretty interesting. As a visual designer, keeping my visual mind active is important. Seeing the solutions visual artists come up with to communicate with their audience definitely provides me with inspiration.

After that I went down to the Santa Monica Promenade. I had planned to go to Hennessey+Ingalls. However, H+I was closed early. There was a sign indicating that they were closed because the staff was all at a wedding. This, obviously was a bummer. So I spent some time wandering on the Promenade. The Promenade is several blocks of shops, with many street performers - some singers, and a pair of dancers in Aztec dress (full headdresses!). I ended up going to Midnight Special Books. Again mostly browsing. How can there be so many good books out there? I was resigned to leaving without anything, but then I came across

Dangerous Kitchen: The Subversive World of Zappa. Oh no, not another Zappa book. I started to checking out some sections, hoping it would be a book I could avoid. But the author has some good ideas - a nice melding of biography and criticism. So I bought the book, and read about 50 pages of it while having a Turkey Burger at the unfortunately named Fatburger.

It's at this point I'll note I'm down 60 pounds since this all started 3 months and 3 weeks ago. Weight loss has not been a goal per se, but it's come along with having better activity and dietary habits.

After that I headed home. The "check engine" light went on the Joe-Mobile. Ugh. I checked the oil, it was indeed low, so I put in oil, and was on my way. My car is now 14 years old, and it has some quirks. One quirk is that it burns oil at an increased rate. As long as it does what it must, I'm happy.

The drive back was fine. I listened to my audiobook of Neuromancer (always a favorite), and the sun went down as I hit the toll road 73 in Orange County. People all over the world, and in most parts of the USA, are used to toll roads. But here in California a toll road is an oddity. Almost, Un-American. But it did make the trip a bit shorter.

When I got home I had messages on my machine from three wonderful women. That's always a good thing. Today I've followed up with all of them. I'm staying in today. Doing some work, some bills and such. Along with these mundanities, I'm watching movies and listening to the new acquisitions.

It's nice when a weekend is so pleasant.Here's A Long Los Angeles Recap Today I'm headed to Los Angeles (pronounce  the "g" with a hard "Guh" for that 1940's effect) to have brunch at Du-Pars at Farmer's Market. I'm going to try to hit my favorite L.A. bookstores after that: Opamp (technical books), Hennessey+Ingalls (art, design), Golden Apple (comics). I may try to hit Aron's Records and the newsstand World Book and News in Hollywood. I'm pretty tired -- I stayed up late installing OSX.2. It was pretty painless process. The new iTunes is really awesome. Good software reaching for greatness. The interface and the program with the Smart Playlists can really "watch" your music library and what you do very nicely. Also, it appears that rendering speeds on my box are much faster. Mozilla seems much faster, which I was not expecting. Finder and file operations are MUCH faster so far. The new Address Book is nice as well, though I'm not using it yet. There are supposedly other new features coming close on the heels of OSX.2 too. So we'll see. Onward. Brunch y Libros de Los Angeles y OSX.2 (Jaguar) Sing your life Any fool can think of words that rhyme Many others do Why don't you? Do you want to? Oh Oh Sing your life Walk right up to the microphone and name All the things you love All the things that you loathe ... Others sang your life But now is a chance to shine And have the pleasure of saying what you mean Have the pleasure of meaning what you sing Oh, make no mistake my friend All of this will end So sing it now (Sing your life) All the things you love (Sing your life) All the things you loathe Oh, sing your lifeLyric of the Day "Tom Tom Club in a Bootleg Style - Part 1" is the title of the brand new 80 minutes tour documentary released by Tom Tom Club. The DVD contains home video footage of the band in rehearsal, live recordings from the 2000 and 2001 US tours, as well as backstage meetings with a variety of artists and fans. The DVD will be sold at future Tom Tom Club gigs and soon also, exclusively, on TomTomClub.Net (part of Talking-heads.net). The DVD is all region (so playable worldwide) and was directed by Chris Frantz himself. via the Talking Heads Discussion List.New Tom Tom Club NewsDo you know about 802.11b/Wi-Fi? Do you know about wardriving? Have you heard about WarFlying? Read these. From here in San Diego no less: War Flying by Tracy R. Reed; War Flying by Delta Farce ... via airshare.orgDo you know about 802...Via Chris Ford: a really cool gallery Flash app: PhotoSpace.Via Chris Ford... Well, I keep on thinkin' 'bout you,Sister Golden Hair surprise And I just can't live without you;can't you see it in my eyes? Now I been one poor correspondent,and I been too, too hard to find But it doesn't meanyou ain't been on my mind  Lyric of the Early Morning: In the highest praise yet for Google, China (as in "great firewall of China") appears to have begun blocking google. Dissident search engines. It must be the future.I've Seen The FutureResponse to my would-be personal ad has been great, and critical. My Mom says I should be careful what I wish for. She also points out that Jennifer may meet the criteria I set as well. It's interesting, last Friday I was talking with my Uncle and said that I thought Jenny and I would not end up married. And he, who had been very much on my side, pointed out that I was in no condition to make that call. "Everyone's at par at this point" he said. Which is his way of saying that no particular woman has the inside track on my heart at this point, so why rule out Jenny. I got one personal ad in reply, and perhaps I'll go for coffee with someone. Another dear friend went through it word by word and critiqued it. A "code review" if you will. "Beautiful" as a word was taken particularly to task. Is it meant as attractiveness? Is it meant as internal beauty? My reply to that was this:

No.

See, you're beautiful.

This is not a shallow word.

This is a way of looking at yourself.

I think if you can say you're beautiful, that you've overcome the stupid notions of the culture.

What I'm looking for is self-confidence, and yes, some attractiveness. But mostly a kind of ballsy confidence that does not accompany "self-confident." With "self-confident" I think I'd end up capturing Biz-Dev powersuit women.

I have new projects starting this week. Lots of work percolating. Some of it no doubt will not pan out, but some of it I think will for sure. Adventures!

Tonight I'm going to see Ben Forta speak tonight at the Dreamweaver/UltraDev UG.

Onward.Reader Feedback; What's Up &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm a complicated dude. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- MeQuote of the Dayhalf-jokingly... I was joking around with a buddy of mine -- looking at San Diego Reader Classifieds - particularly the personals. I drafted what my own personal ad would be. I would never actually put this up, but here's what it would be. I post it here at my peril. :-)   eclectic man, 32, separated and evolving, seeking intense honest friendships with awake and alert beautiful women. must know html. It made me laugh to write this. More of a fun thing than a serious thing. Perhaps there needs a site for personal ads for people who would never place a personal ad?half-jokingly...steveandnatty.com, mentioned before, have updated their amazing travelogue &raquo; Go there already!Steve and Natty's Excellent Adventure, Updated You can get FZ:OZ here (it's from 1976, new, live, from Australia, and is great -- I really like the version of "Take Your Clothes Off When You Dance" on this double CD -- also, my name's in the liner notes (middle page of the liner notes, lower right quadrant) because I preordered. In other news, zappa.com has updated recently.Zappa Update Yesterday I had lunch with some friends from High School. I don't keep up with people from High School. The way I think of my formative schooling years, I have almost no desire to be reminded of how I felt about myself. And more, how I took to heart the judgements of the great mass of kids in school. I've been out of High School for 15 years now. As I type that I'm quite amazed. It's not that I feel old, it's just that so much has happened in that time. So it's all the more fascinating to me to have friendships that seem long since passed, and have them be renewed. It was a delight, really. More camraderie, and good talk with people I'm comfortable with, can only be a good thing. All that, and food at Milton's, a great restaurant, deli up in Del Mar. Another renewed relationship is with a a woman I worked with at UVa, oh, 10 years ago. she contacted me just the other day. This is another blessing of this blog. I of course write about my troubles, and so she wrote me with her own troubles. We spoke on the phone a bit later, and she's going through marital ickiness. I feel for her. Here's where I complain about the fact that things never get to be easy. But the books I've read indicate that life is hard, and this is what strengthens our character. It is the struggle to overcome our own fears and doubts, and the challenges that we have every day, that makes us better people. I know that I've improved myself while under the stress of the past four months. But it would be hard for me to imagine a life where life was that stressful, all the time. I think people do it though. "Lives of quiet desperation," it is said. For me, I can't stay quiet. The key is to retain hope, and to share the journey with people on the same trip. Deli and Old Friends and ConnectionsLast year Jenny and I woke up to her Mom leaving this strange message on our answering machine to stay out of government buildings. We turned on CNN and the news was trickling in.

I'd like to say at this point that nostalgia is stupid. No television show can encompass terrorism. It is folly to think we will find closure or simple answers. As the line in Full Metal Jacket goes ... "It's a shit sandwich and we're all gonna have to take a bite."

Beware anyone who is using the memory of a year ago to sell you something. Whether that something is war, or a new car, or insurance, plastic flags. Beware people who wrap themselves in the flag. Even with the best intentions, blind patriotism is not a positive force for a democratic society.

Americans are great not because we're so good at rallying together. We're great because we can dissent, speak up, and still be United States.

Last year after Jenny picked up the phone and talked to her Mom on the phone, I immediately checked my email. My sister was working at the Smithsonian at the time. Her office was right on the Mall. In Washington D.C. I received this email, sent to my parents and to me.

Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2001 7:01 am
From: Kelly
Subject: Re: today

Dear Mom and Dad, Joe and Jenny,

We just heard the news about the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
They're evacuating Congress right now. I'm kinda nervous about this whole thing.
Take care of yourselves and stay out of federal buildings.
Call me when you can... I can imagine it's going to be crazy trying to get home today on the metro.

all my love,
Kel

...
I wrote her back as soon as I read it and told her to be safe and that I loved her. I was scared for her. She replied with this:
...

Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2001 7:56 am
From: Kelly
Subject: Re: today

Thanks for responding.
They've told us to leave the building. I'm going home. 703-XXX-XXXX. I'll call when I get home.
I love you.
kel,

Again, I have no wisdom today. I'm not trying to evoke anything. I did not lose anyone close to me in the events. But I wanted to record my thoughts and memories on this for posterity. Here's last years September 11 post.I have no wisdom today.QOTD: At one time, I wore bolo ties.



(no other comment is necessary)Quote of the Day Hit Charade: The music industry's self-inflicted wounds. Bud Plant: From the front lines at the 2002 San Diego Comic-Con (from August). Apple's mysterious Marklar, OSX on x86. What is an otaku? On Sharing with a Partner: Share with me that you're a human being. is the sentiment people want. (via a friend) Stray Items (Lots of these today) So yesterday I chatted with Joanie, another San Diego Blogger.  It was quite good conversation. She's been reading my travails for some time, and had some interesting perspectives on it all. She herself is in the midst of a separation, and is having adventures of her own. She seems a genuine person to me. She's charming and funny and definitely has opinions I disagree with vociferiously. She's also a nice person, which makes her sound dull, but she's clearly not that. Anyway, I had Chai, and she had some kind of Strawberry shake thing, and we chatted for several hours at a local Coffeehouse. Entirely pleasant."Coffee"Joel talks about Platforms in the software business. Interesting... As a platform vendor, you're only as successful as the people who build on you.A more subtle problem is when platform vendors don't think they have a platform, they think they have an application. Read the whole thing.Joel talks about Platforms in the software business... Christina Aguilera Returns, Her Image RemadeChristina in the New York Times! GooglecookingInnovative Use Of Search Tools I'd like to go to this: thelavenderfields.com -- Welcome to The Lavender Fields, an organic lavender farm in the foothills of the Palomar mountains in northern San Diego county California, where we grow Lavandula x intermedia 'Provence', commonly referred to as 'French Lavender', known for its powerful, sweet fragrance and abundant display. Fields of Lavender &raquo; Web Blog &raquo; Web Archive &raquo; SQL ArchiveMy pal rudy.ca's blogs:HH9. I'm exhausted. I feel good. It's Sunday morning. Got up early, hoping to get a start to the day. But there's nothing really to do today. But I'd like it to be mellow. That easy feeling has been something I've been after this past week. The wet weather has been a catalyst for some of that feeling. The sound of the rain. The smell of it certainly enhances calm. I want to muster some motivation today, but I think I'm pleased with mellow. I have some things to report. Some good things. Almost all good things, really. Last week, on Thursday, my wife Jennifer, from whom I have now been separated for four months, had our last session of joint counseling. "Last session of joint counseling" may sound like a negative thing. It's not. In fact, we find ourselves dear friends. The lines of communication are so great that we find we can talk about work, about family, about outside relationships we are having, about travel, about movies, everything. It's a wonder. At the beginning of this separation, I was a shambles. I was smoking ruin. I'm reminded of the line from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy describing going through hyperspace as "unpleasantly like being drunk" -- the inevitable question being "what's wrong with being drunk?" -- the reply of course is: "Ask a glass of water." And that's how I felt. I was battered and remaindered and cast off. I felt like a dead man. The progress I've made, and the things that have happened since I was torn away and replaced with something new have done nothing but amaze me. I have: &raquo; desperately sought a return to my wife &raquo; taken a trip to washington dc &raquo; seen the new star wars movie &raquo; started therapy &raquo; played a lot of racquetball &raquo; snuba'd at molokini crater in hawaii &raquo; seen the air and space smithsonian in washington &raquo; watercolored &raquo; fallen out of love with my wife &raquo; rediscovered my wife as a friend &raquo; cat-sit for my wife &raquo; sent desperate flowers to my wife &raquo; sent stupid email to my wife &raquo; made stupid phone calls to my wife &raquo; felt betrayed &raquo; felt like a failure &raquo; beaten myself up &raquo; gotten involved with a 12-step program &raquo; been on a radio show talking about it all &raquo; seen norah jones live &raquo; spoken with beautiful wonderful women for hours &raquo; taken loads of items to goodwill &raquo; been asked to take a leave of absence from work &raquo; done work in asp/access &raquo; learned much more about application architecture &raquo; gotten a new g4 &raquo; began banking online &raquo; fallen in love &raquo; learned about o'keeffe and stieglitz &raquo; tried to model myself and another person on o'keeffe and stieglitz &raquo; learned that i actually need to be myself &raquo; learned that we are all alone in the universe &raquo; learned that many people love me &raquo; learned that people forgive me my failures &raquo; learned that people surprise me every day &raquo; learned that i love people very much &raquo; learned that i may have the most wonderful parents and sister in the world &raquo; learned that friends i have cultivated for decades are still my friends if i am a screw-up &raquo; cried a great deal &raquo; and sobbed &raquo; woken up crying &raquo; gone to bed crying &raquo; shrieked in the car in anguish many many times &raquo; stopped thinking that every problem in the world is my responsibility &raquo; sold a cappucino maker &raquo; started eating tiger's milk bars &raquo; enjoyed the wonder of soyrizo &raquo; lost sixty-five pounds &raquo; decided walking is okay &raquo; learned to like doing the laundry &raquo; bought the new negro problem cd &raquo; burned several mix cds for friends and family &raquo; tried to appreciate life &raquo; tried to appreciate existence &raquo; questioned my lack of faith &raquo; tried to see the good in the universe &raquo; tried not to turn away from the bad in the universe &raquo; decided that i don't believe in god &raquo; decided that i do believe in love &raquo; decided that i want to explore those last two even more &raquo; decided that i love women &raquo; decided that i don't have to grow old with every woman whose company i enjoy &raquo; decided i need to learn how to date &raquo; made dinner for jennifer &raquo; had dinner made for me by jennifer &raquo; had many other meals with many other people &raquo; learned that lunches with friends and others can provide more than just nutrition &raquo; realized that people actually read this blog &raquo; they often have good ideas and have been wonderful to me &raquo; decided to continue this peculiar public journaling &raquo; improved a great deal emotionally, spiritually, physically, intellectually ... So on Friday night my Grandfather had a birthday. It was very cool. At one point he expressed a desire for his brother, who died some years ago. It was a big blow. It is unlike him to express emotion, but clearly he was feeling loss at the thought of his brother. My Grandfather is a good man. I don't know what else to say about it. We all have our journeys and mysteries don't we? Even if we have had eighty-four years of experience and struggle and love and conflict and joys, we still have more to live. There is always more to live. Life is a puzzle, and a gift, and pain. But it is worth cherishing. Onward. The Exhaustion Of Emotion; The Getting On With Life Of It All Several people have sent me this photo, or links to this photo. Basically asking me, because I am a fan, what I think. The answer is I think she looks goofy. I am a fan of Ms. Aguilera, but I will not defend her MTV VMA ensemble. Yes, I like Christina. No, not everything she does. the websandiego site was updated recently, and is undergoing continuous quality improvement. visit, won't you? among the changes -- the resources page has been updated. Also changes to all the headers and footers. If you have a comment feel free to holler at me.WebSanDiego.org Update Janece [blog], points out that my FAQ  was telling people to go to hire me via my old job. Well sheesh, that's not true. If you want to hire, just get in touch with me right here through the feedback page. Why Would You Hire Me? There's no site to small, no task too trivial. Here on the Crawford homestead, we enjoy working on websites! Whether it's debugging a perl script, doing a site map, doing a linkcheck, building out a site, designing a site, doing a needs assessment, training, teaching, tutoring -- I do it all. Rates are reasonable, and needs are simple, so I can steer you to smart reasonable solutions. What are you waiting for? Drop me a note!Thanks Janece! Word of the day yesterday: Kaizen. Too much to blog, so instead I will blog very little. But things are good. The blog will catch up with my life this weekend. I'm tired now.Non Entry Today has gone flawlessly so far. Freelance work has gone well. Did some billable time. Got a greenlight on a nice-sized project. Feels nice. I saw Jenny for lunch, and that was great. I like her. She's nifty. I feel lucky that I don't feel ill will toward her. She's a cool person to know. And she brought me gifts from her trip to San Francisco! She's a sweetie. Ting Ting Jahe, it's the very best! Okay, back to work.What's Up... TODAY-UPDATE Christina Aguilera, who I often talk about, has a new single coming soon -- Dirrty -- I grabbed a copy taped from a station in New York off of Limewire. I think I like it. I can't account for how the girl dresses, but it's fun to be a fan of hers. If you want more Christina scoops - news about the single and the new album coming soon - check christinaaguilera.to. Yes, I know Dirrty is misspelled. Yes I know it's silly.New Christina... Almost Hey! Today, I'm really busy. Errands for this early morning. Then one project for this morning. Then lunch out. Then another project this afternoon. Then racquetball this evening. Then a draft of a thing for WebSanDiego.org. Time to leap into the day!What's Up... A Mouthful, But Not More Than I Can Chew  But several countries have nuclear weapons, and none has found them very useful in making others do their bidding. Israel hasn't been able to force its neighbors to accept its treatment of the Palestinians. India hasn't coerced Pakistan to give up its claims to Kashmir. China hasn't succeeded in reclaiming Taiwan. -- from the Washington Times of all places! And more, that piece is about why we should not attack Iraq! Nukes? Not That Practically Useful Feeling inspired and excited today. Currently listening to Tom Tom Club's Genius of Love. The result is new header graphics at the Colophon and at The Lab. Two pictures I took while doing my laundry this morning. I had coffee this morning. I rarely drink coffee. Are these new images the result of  the stimulant of caffeine, or are they the result of a different sort of inspiration? I'm not sure. But I still feel wonderful. New Graphics! New Words: Two Ships. Now I'm going to go do laundry. I feel wonderful this morning.New Poetry Jennifer updates her journal, live and in person from my living room. I grieve, still, for what we lost. I'm exultant at what we have both gained. We've grown up. Her leaving may be the best thing that ever happened to me. I've come to understand so much. I'm learning every day. Trying to be a better man. Better human. And I'm so joyful to have Jennifer as a friend. (say this one quietly)...OnwardMarital Brief Today was SO busy, I can't even describe how busy it was in a creative manner. Today I: ported a PHP nav script to ASP, downloaded some apps for my uncle and burned them, bought a new cheap monitor, did a pile of work on an ASP project, had a good lunch (sushi) with a pal, made a great mini-site with pictures from Happy Hour (to come), paid bills, mailed off bills, ate almonds, answered most of my email, instructed my designer friend in the finer points of FTP, debugged a server that was inaccessible from the public internet, utterly failed to do my dishes, failed to blog, updated my calendar, explained how web servers, scripting interpreters, and databases interact, spitballed a project with another colleague, encouraged a friend to not give up hope, exchanged some charming email with a new acquaintance, wanted to (but couldn't) go see a movie with my wife, ate some more almonds, then a burrito and a sprite, and that's it. I did all this in a scant 12 hour day. Whew! G'nite! Dead Dog TiredHappy Hour 9 was great. Put some faces with names and email addresses.  Met many very cool people. A good time was had by all.

Today was great, did some good work for one client, and took a great meeting with a prospect I'll be doing some consulting with. I also somehow managed to not be stressed out. I went up to Lou's Records in Encinitas. And any excuse to hit Lou's is a good excuse. With luck, Shelli S of softweargirlz took some good pictures that will get posted. That would rock.

And the words for the night are charming and honesty and forthrightness. Good words.

Onward!HH9. Awesome. This is today: 56 RSVPs So Far. See You There Fellow WebSanDiegans! "I was just trying to get you to stop snoring."Quote of the Day, From Monday One of the cooler things about iTunes is that it allows you to make "Smart Playlists" - which are playlists based on criteria you can put in yourself. For example, I have smart playlists which include New Order/Electronic/Joy Division as well as for David Byrne/Tom Tom Club/Casual Gods/Talking Heads. I hadn't thought to do this before, but you can also specify by words in the song titles. So here is one... From my iTunes Playlist - Songs featuring the word "Girl" Christina Aguilera ...... What A Girl Wants Christina Aguilera ...... What A Girl Wants (Eddie Arroyo Down Tempo Mix) Christina Aguilera ...... What A Girl Wants (Eddie Arroyo Long Dance Mix) Christina Aguilera ...... What A Girl Wants (Radio Edit) Christina Aguilera ...... What A Girl Wants (Smooth Mix) Christina Aguilera ...... What A Girl Wants (Thunderpuss Dirty Club Mix) Christina Aguilera ...... What A Girl Wants (Thunderpuss Fiesta Club Mix) Fiona Apple ...... Sullen Girl India Arie ...... Girl from Video The Beach Boys ...... California Girls The Beach Boys ...... Girl Don't Tell Me The Beach Boys ...... The Girls On The Beach The Beach Boys ...... Surfer Girl The Beastie Boys ...... To All The Girls The Beat Farmers ...... Girl I Almost Married David Bowie ...... China Girl David Byrne ...... Girls On My Mind The Cars ...... My Best Friend's Girl Cracker ...... Eurotrash Girl Van Morrison ...... Brown Eyed Girl Morrissey ...... Driving Your Girlfriend Home Morrissey ...... Girl Least Likely To The Negro Problem ...... Stranded On The Cloud Girl's Terrain Randy Newman ...... The Girls In My Life (Part I) Randy Newman ...... Kevin's Party (Cowboy Girl) Randy Newman ...... Real Emotional Girl Prince ...... Girl Prince ...... If I Was Your Girl Friend Steely Dan ...... Negative Girl Matthew Sweet ...... Girlfriend They Might Be Giants ...... How Can I Sing Like A Girl? Stevie Wonder ...... That Girl The Wolfgang Press ...... A Girl Like You Frank Zappa ...... Building A Girl Frank Zappa ...... Catholic Girls Frank Zappa ...... Dead Girls Of London Frank Zappa ...... Fine Girl Frank Zappa ...... The Girl In The Magnesium Dress Frank Zappa ...... Little Girl Of Mine Frank Zappa ...... Little Rubber Girl Frank Zappa ...... Lobster Girl Frank Zappa ...... Lonely Little Girl Frank Zappa ...... Valley Girl Frank Zappa ...... What Kind Of Girl? Fun With Smart PlaylistsThe word for the day early Monday morning was: rec&middot;i&middot;proc&middot;i&middot;ty &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+ A reciprocal condition or relationship. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+ A mutual or cooperative interchange of favors or privileges, especially the exchange of rights or privileges of trade between nations &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+ a relation of mutual dependence or action or influenceThe word for the day early Monday morning was... It's been a while since I had a proper walk. Yesterday afternon/evening I walked to dinner (well, supper, really), at abour 4pm. I had a Turkey dinner at local diner (open 24 hours!) Rudford's. It was pretty good, though not great. The price was good though, and I got to read. I'm about one fourth through Dangerous Kitchen, which gets better with every page. It integrates many articles and interviews I've read, as well as  material on previous iconoclastic composers (Stravinsky, Varese, Ives). The book puts Zappa into a historical context that I find striking. I enjoyed dinner, then I walked over to Hollywood Video. It's been remodeled. In previous visits I've been amazed at how unkempt the place was. Boxes on the floor, videos unsorted; it was a mess. But yesterday, it was spic and span. More, it had a whole new "store within a store" - called Game Crazy. Many racks of games, and chain link fence around a subsection. I suppose it looks "extreme." I rented three movies: Spy Game; A Beautiful Mind; and In The Bedroom. I hope they're good. After that I walked over to Vons. Picked up some essentials: toilet paper, iced tea, lettuce (romaine and iceberg), toothpaste, and a very few other essertials. It felt good to be out doing groceries, and walking again. Last week was so busy -- not enough walking. So it felt good to be out and about again, and on foot. Later on, I had a friend over to watch Sopranos, which was new, not too violent, and pretty good. I've been so ambivalent about television lately, that I find it odd to be eagerly anticipating TV. The only other shows I've been looking forward to are Justice League and Samurai Jack. And oh yeah, Frontline. This week is Happy Hour 9. Can't wait. And so, the week begins. I'm feeling good. Energized. Onward.Walkies Old Splash pages, old headers, and old designs are available on the Archive page.  It's very much fun to see some of thes old splash pages and designs. There are even whole sites in there. There are more than 250 pages on this site.

I suppose when one has been building web pages since 1996, they add up. Old Stuff! Today started with racquetball. I enjoy the game. I'm very tired. After that, I came home and had some leftover Chinese food, Szechuan Beef and rice. This weekend needs to be mellow. I've been busy this week, and I'm hoping for mellow. Something I really need to do is update my resume. It's terribly out of date, and I find people asking for it. I also need to update the portfolio. Also on the to do list is updating joecrawford.com. I intend to make that my elevator speech for the services I provide. Oi. And I need to print up some business cards too. Well, there's a lot to do, but I can approach it with a mellow attitude. This is my goal for the weekend.Tired. Good. Weekend Goals. Trouble in the L.A. blogging community: here's the L.A. Times story that started it, as well as pushbacl -- here's one and here's another. I found these via Doc Searls.Blogging, meet the L.A. TimesA friend sent me Chinese-Art.com. They have lots of good articles, picture, and more. Feed your head.A friend sent me Chinese-Art...Jenny sent me the page for This American Life Audio Archives. Bookmarkable!Jenny sent me the page for This American Life Audio Archives...A fun article about one of my favorite music artists, Stew / The Negro Problem.A fun article about one of my favorite music artists...The Panther Moderns had suits like these in Neuromancer -- invisibility cloaks!. Now the concept has been patented.The Panther Moderns had suits like these in Neuromancer... There's a new interface for the Headers page -- and there are quite a few of them. Some highlights: see the old "pageboy" haircut from January 2000, and see when I got my haircut in August 2000, a great picture of Jenny and I in Washington State from our trip in March 2001, a great picture of flowers, also from March 2001, something with Frank and Christina, an upside down flag, a downbeat Nietzsche reference, something green, a great Christmas tree, something with me in headphones, the first one following the separation, and the most recent, Onward. I get a lot of joy doing those headers. They are mini-creative projects. Tiny digital artifacts that make me happy.Header Memory LaneKynn is going to go to the Middle East and be smart. Cool!Kynn is going to go to the Middle East and be smart... Yesterday, Tom Bickle pointed out a bug in my site for Netscape 4.79. Yikes! And me of Mr. Super-clean-accessible code! Thanks a million Tom! In other news, yes, several very kind people have complimented me on the new site header. Thanks. I'm also making subtle changes all around the site. New imagery on the FAQ and in the Words sections. Words has gotten a layout shift, too. tell me what you think.Site Bugfixes and Upgrades! Weeeee! I'm house sitting now. Some initial difficulties getting setup to work and compute, but it's all good now. 2 big rambunctious dogs, one mellow cat and one 2 week old kitten. It's nice to be alone and chill for a bit. I need some good chill time.House SittingSome JSP Tutorials For Me to Look At Later from Sassy


http://www.apl.jhu.edu/~hall/java/Servlet-Tutorial/

http://sylistron.org/tutorial/jdbc/getting.html
http://www.jspin.com/

Some JSP Tutorials For Me to Look At Later this wasn't supposed to happen I was happy by myself accidentally you seduced me I'm in love again I lie in my bed totally still my eyes wide open I'm in rapture I don't believe this I'm in love again Lyric for the past weekThe Governor of California is soliciting designs for the California US Quarter Dollar at his website, www.governor.ca.govCalifornia Quarter - U-Design-It!Although it's being deprecated, this article on CDONTS Mail is worth me mentioning so I can find it in the past.CDONTS Mail The Adams Avenue Street Fair is this weekend. I hear from a friend that Lila Downs, musician, is really cool. Although I'm house-sitting, I may try and check it out.Adams Avenue Street Fair I think it's important that folks not presume too much about the precise details of what I'm up to based on this blog. I share honestly here, but not terribly explicitly. It's frankly not anyone's business exactly what I'm doing moment to moment. I may hint at some things to be cute sometimes. But the hints are always open to interpretation. Lately I have a relationship happening, with a woman, that is occuring at a breakneck pace. I think it's time for me to slow down cowboy and regroup. My counselor is on vacation now but I feel like I need that professional objective voice now. Next week, luckily. Tonight I made a mistake in my communications with Jennifer. I suggested a change in how we are approaching things. And I did it for selfish reasons. And I hurt her feelings. I told her I'm sorry, but I need to come back from this with more than words. If that makes sense. We had a previous agreement to go slow in moving towards divorce, and I asked tonight to move faster. I asked this for what I understand now to be asinine reasons. I need to regroup, stop and think for a while about what's happening in my head and heart. Luckily I have a good support network. Moreover, I'm not making any rash decisions. In other news, I will be house-sitting this weekend and so will be out most of the next 2 days. The lesson for me is that I'm going to make mistakes, but that I need to think before I act. Today I did not do that, and the result was hurt feelings. This may not all make sense, but I need to sleep now.Don'tCorrection: I meant "water brush".Correction: Busy these days with work and proposals, but it's all all all good. In fact, I want more. Last night I exercised my art jones a bit. Felt really good. The "water pen" is a new one on me, but I dig it. Yesterday I used a coffeehouse as a place to do application design. It worked pretty well altogether! Things is good. ONWARD!!!The days are just packed  New stuff here on artlung.com -- this is called San Diego Spots and features stray comments from my friends Jennifer (yes, that Jennifer) and Erin on cool stuff to do and see and eat in San Diego. It's small, but excellent. I'm biased though. Also featured is Erin's List of Things That Aren't Here Anymore - which will probably be a fun memory lane type experience for some of you. They're both just lists, with some commentary. We hope you'll enjoy them! New Stuff - San Diego Spots!There's a fine line between fearless and stupid.There's a fine line between fearless and stupid. So today I have some project work to work on. Some more proposal work. Should keep me busy. I'm feeling pretty wonderful, still. A word for the past few days might be "serendipity" or "luck" or "accident." But for now I just feel good.G'morning Well, I am. Drop me a line if you have any projects or questions about web work.So have I mentioned I'm in the Market for Freelance Web Work? books to read three tattoos dishwashing seriousness messy floor phone calls john mayer exclusivity wonderful proposals openness questions lightness five days progress soy milk talking mango clients babies pasta work girls syd jac(a few of) yesterday's terms About an hour ago, maybe longer, I got up and went down to the store. I rose early. I'm feeling so blissful. Walking on air. I was amazed at how many people are out and about in the five o'clock hour. I'd forgotten. The sun has come up now. I bought some soy milk. I bought a Gatorade. I walked back home and picked up the paper. It was a wonderful way to start the day and quite novel. I've been getting up earlier in the past few months. I've been going to buy groceries on foot. But I've not combined these activities. Oh. I'm rambling. Really, I should work on some projects now. I'm going to work now. But I'll say again, I feel wonderful. Morning Walk My workspace, such as it is, is featured here at somebodydial911.com's workspaces. It's really neat to see all the different spaces people work in.My WorkspaceWonderful.Wonderful.Wonderful.Wonderful.Wonderful.Wonderful.I still feel wonderful.I still feel wonderful... This is a simple way to cost spammers money! 1.  go here: http://overture.com/d/USm/home/index.jhtml 2.   search for "bulk email" 3.  click on each of the top 10 - 20 links, costing each spammer 1 - 3 dollars per click! 4. smile!From my pal John... My sister and I were talking about dating. I'm seeing someone now who is (gasp!) my own age. A new change for me, I tend to date people who have more than 5 years difference to my age. Anyway, her line when talking about age was: "For example, I think 23 is too young for anybody." - My Sister Have I mentioned that I have what is maybe the best sister in the world?My sister, on dating: Few people who do anything excellent are ever heard of. You know why? Because excellence, pure excellence, terrifies the fuck out of Americans because they have been bred to appreciate the success of the mediocre. People don't like to be reminded that lurking somewhere there are people who can do some shit that you can't do. They can think a way you can't think, they can dance a way you can't dance. They are excellent. You aren't excellent. Most Americans aren't excellent, they're only OK. And so to keep them happy as a labor force, you say, "OK, let's take this mediocre chump," and we say, "He is terrific!" All the other mediocre chumps say, "Yeah, that's right and that gives me hope, because one day as mediocre and chumpish as I am I can..." It's smart labor relations. An MBA decision. That is the orientation of most entertainment, politics, and religion. So considering how firmly entrenched all that is right now, you think it's going to turn around? Not without a genetic mutation it's not! - Frank Zappa Great Quote from Zappa [WARNING: PROFANITY] I really liked the timeliness and coherency of this quote from Julius Ceasar, until I learned that it is not a quote from Julius Ceasar.Not Necessarily Ceasar Molly Ivins on our wrongheaded and un-American plans for war.In Our Name?I meant "Kahlua" not "Mocha" in the previous post. Thanks to the special reader who pointed out the misstatement.

ArtLung.com regrets the error.Correction:Some cool pictures of the animals I took care of. Roxy. Scout. Sky. And also an action shot of Roxy and Scout playing monster truck wrestling. (Not pictured: Mocha. She was busy.)



Animals for Whom I House-Sat Beck's new CD, Sea Change, which I bought with the income from a big job that just launched (not saying the url yet) is really wonderful. My favorite track is "Lost Cause." The theme of the CD is, appropriately, breakups. It's funny to me though, it's not "wallow in sorrow" music, it's more like "the sadness is normal, there is hope" music. If that makes any sense. New Beck Try meet-an-inmate.com.Lovelorn? yikes! a page I created all by my lonesome got mentioned on the msnbc site. wacky!San Diego Bloggers page mentioned on MSNBC.com House sitting rocks. And pets are cool. Hey, sometimes brevity is cool.House Sitting I have some old logo parodies/homages which have now been featured at www.fakelogos.com - kinda fun!Fake LogosCriticalMAS writes in... Here is another CDONTS article: http://digitalcolony.com/01/cdonts/ It's my personal favorite, cause I like the author.  :) (to which I reply) Thanks MAS!CriticalMAS writes in...Yesterday my girlfriend and I spoke at length on the subject of religion. I came to realizations about how I think and what I am about. I am not throwing any of this in any faces. This is what I feel, and what I believe for myself in how to live my life. She is coming to grips with her own religious feelings and ambitions. Ambition may sound a queer word for religious inquiry, but I think it's wonderful that she has a vision for herself in the future, about what her faith means to her.

Likewise, I also have put to words my own feelings. I have received much feedback via this journal on the subject of God, faith, and religion.

It's important to remind you that I have the UTMOST respect for people of faith. When I worked in the hospital I saw very well that faith can bring strength and comfort to the afflicted and to those who are experiencing loss. I do not have any disdain for faith as practiced in love. I definitely have a problem with faith that intrudes on others in a way that's aggressive. Gentleness is a positive attribute in religion, I think. Gentleness manifests itself in compassion, in empathy, in love, in caring, in understanding people. I think I try and live my life that way.

Yesterday was very intense because I realize something about myself. I found myself profoundly moved by a web page. I was researching Leah's faith, the faith she desires to return to, and a word I had heard my father use popped into my head. The word was "freethinker."

I am a freethinker.

The words on this page: What is a Freethinker? ring so true to me. I must say that I don't agree with every word on that page.

Some parts I can affirmatively agree with are these:

What do Freethinkers Believe?
Freethinkers attach much more importance to the 'why' of belief than to the 'what.' Freethinkers believe in the sort of human understanding that naturally follows from a careful and rational consideration of the relevant factual evidence. With regard to the natural world of human experience, therefore, freethinkers regard the scientific method as the proper approach and scientific knowledge as the most reliable sort of human understanding. Freethinkers also acknowledge that there is an inner, private, subjective world of human experience. But they also recognize that our feelings and emotions cannot and should not be the basis of what we believe about the reality of the world which all human beings share.

How Can Life Have Meaning for Freethinkers?
Freethinkers believe that if life is to have authentic meaning, they must create it or discover it for themselves. To live life in compliance with or in obedience to someone else's purpose, even the unknowable purpose(s) of a god or gods, is to be an unthinking slave. Freethinkers, therefore, look for and find meaning in their daily lives: in their efforts to learn, to grow, to understand, to help others, and to try, at least, to leave the world perhaps a little better place than they found it.

How Can Freethinkers Have Hope Without A Belief In An Afterlife?
Freethinkers consider this life as the only one we can be sure of having. They regard it as shameful to trivialize this life by supposing that a better one will follow ... they lament the false optimism of an afterlife with a system of future rewards and punishments that encourages complacency about suffering and death in this life. But freethinkers, like other human beings, continually hope for a better future. Their hope, while not extending beyond the grave, yet persists as long as life persists, for life is hope. (emphasis added) Freethinkers do not expect to ever see again their loved ones who have died. But, as with believers in an afterlife, their memories of their loss remain with them as a comfort and remembrance.

And this...

Their greatest attachment and commitment is to truth, and to learning to know and do what is right. They are honest with themselves, and with others. They prefer to form their opinions based on fact and evidence, but are not afraid of making mistakes, and learning from them. For they know that human beings aren't born with their beliefs, nor can honest people truly believe in something by sheer force of will or 'faith.' Freethinkers submit themselves to facts and reason, following humbly wherever and to whatever they are led. They speak their minds, and are unafraid of saying, 'I don't know.' And in return for all of this, freethinkers respect themselves, they have sympathy for their fellow human beings, and they lay legitimate claim to the best and noblest of what the human condition offers.

One of the things my counselor has said is that the spiritual is a part of myself I must explore. And I have been. I have tried to speak openly and honestly with my friends and family.  I have been reading about spirituality in many forms and have found nothing more true for me than these words above on the nature of being a freethinker.

I will continue to seek the truth and try and understand the worlds inside and outside myself. I may yet come to other conclusions about the nature of reality and existence for myself. My heart is open and honest.

In being open and honest, it hurt yesterday, because my convictions are at odds with the convictions of the woman I am in love with. I love her even more for she has considered her options and has thought about how she looks at the world, and desires a faith. If it is so that we are at odds on this issue, then so be it. We must, each of us -- "to thine own self be true".  For myself, I am pleased to be in love with someone so whole, so real and so authentic.

Who can say what tomorrow will bring?

OnwardReligionSo last night was really cool. I got to go have fondue and see a great movie with great people. A good time with good people is not unprecented.

The fondue was really awesome. It was pricey, but awesome. We dipped bread and veggies and apples in a garlic-y cheese fondue pot as the first course, along with salads. The second course was various meats (marinated chicken, top sirloin, shrimp, lobster) and vegetables (mushrooms, potatoes, zucchini, carrots) which you place in a special broth that's boiling. You cook your own food, and they give you an array of sauces. This was all at Forever Fondue in Mission Valley. It was a social fun food thing. None of this is unprecedented.

The dessert was various fruits and some cake and cheesecake which we dipped or drizzled in melted milk chocolate from the fondue pot. Highly yummy. This also is not unprecedented.

After, we went and saw the very funny movie Barbershop (Cedric the Entertainer cracks me up).  It had us all laughing! I really like Ice Cube as an actor. The movie was maybe a little predictable, but the textures of what feels like real life. While I'm not black, I remember going to the barbershop as a teenager and getting the same kind of comfort and banter you can only get at a barbershop. As to the reaction the movie has gotten from "black leaders," I really like Oliver Willis' How "Barbershop" Exposed Jesse &amp; Al, and having now seen it, I couldn't agree more with Oliver. Again, none of the above is unprecedented.

As Jennifer said in her journal, the Fondue Foursome was unique. It was unique in that the "party of four" consisted of my good good and longtime friend Erin (we worked at the San Diego Public Library together in the late 1980's); Jennifer, the wife from whom I'm separated and will, we have decided, divorce; and my new girlfriend, Leah came. Yes, it sounds strange. We remarked that someone should be filming this or that it's like something from a Woody Allen movie, but really, it was unremarkable in how it looked. We got along wonderfully. Jennifer and I have come to this interesting space where we are good good friends. We agree that we no longer want to have a relationship that is marital. We have gone through counseling, and speak and have spoken at length about what we want for the future. For neither of us does that future include a world where Joe and Jennifer are married. Having deep knowledge of that is a blessing for both of us, and it took quite some time to realize it. At the beginning of the separation I desperately wanted her back, and she wanted nothing to do with me. We went to counseling, and later, she wanted me back, and I found myself not wanting her back. As we have spent more time hanging out as friends, we realize that neither of us really wants the other back. Friends, yes. Husband and wife, no. Anyone I or Jenny or Leah or Erin told about this particular Friday night at Fondue and Movies before the fact did not believe it. So I suppose that it really is unprecedented.

Which brings me to say something more about Leah. She's a wonderful person, and I have not known her very long at all. It is true that we have moved very fast, and we realize that danger and are attempting to turn the pot down so we don't boil over. Neither of us wants to get scalded. But I know that we have a wonderful time together, we are both creative in a visual way, and when I look into her eyes there's a familiarity there that I can't say I've ever felt before. My Mother, who definitely reads this journal, has warned me of this concept of "glimmerance" - that new love blinds. She's right, and is backed up by my counselor, who warns me to slow down. She describes new love as a kind of temporary insanity. So my new girlfriend and I feel like sailors on the sea, trying to find a way out of the fog of newness, and see where we stand when we can see each other clearly and rationally. The irrationality and mania of new love is wonderful, but it is not, uh, encouraging of rational decision-making. Some may say that the Fondue party was a bad idea to begin with, but as it was not based in malice or a desire to create jealousy or enmity, I can't see how it was a bad thing. We had a great time, I think.

And so it goes, my unique life with unexpected things happening all the time. I had been quite nervous about it all, but life will surprise you when you're honest and open your heart.

I'm working on this theory about stupid/fearless. That when you open your heart and are honest with people you're in this stupid/fearless mode. You must be prepared for rejection, for bad feelings, but if you open your heart to people who are coming also from a place of honesty and openness, the risk in being stupid/fearless goes way down, and things are stupid melts away, and it's fearless - fearless truth, and fearless honesty. If it all is based on respect, it is good.

And things are good. I realize with every waking hour how lucky I am to have the friends and family that I have.

Onward.Unprecedented Sign Michael Moore's Antiwar Petition, if you are so inclined. Pax I am up late. I am contemplating a word. The word is "stench" and I am not explaining what I mean here. But know that I am in deep contemplation right now. I must now sleep. I am contemplating redemption right now. Many many thoughts in my head. More than I can possibly relate here. And now I am thinking of a woman who I have known for two weeks. It's like a lifetime. It's like an eyeblink. I wonder, what is love?? And now I must go to sleep. OnwardThis may not make any sense. This post is only for me. &nbsp;&nbsp;Now, listen carefully: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;path: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;follow path; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;gate: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;open gate, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;through gate, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;close gate. - Dr. Stephen Falken, WarGamesQuote of the Day A site I worked on has been launched - LANGNews.com - search engines, feel free to index it! Ready, set, google! Potential clients, check my clean code and hire me. No, really. Okay, proposals to work on that are very overdue. Back to work.Site Launch! Jennifer Simpson is a cool friend. Some of her poetry is really awesome. I went with her to take part in the Full Moon Poets in September and it was great. She had many many poems, and some of them were quite moving and witty and good. I myself read a version of Two Ships. How do I get to meet so many wonderful talented people? I don't know. But I try to meet people. Getting out into the world is a good thing. It's funny, one of the best pieces of advice I got from my father when Jenny left me was that I should be writing, journaling, expressing myself. He said that such activity would be healthy and therapuetic. He was 100% right.My Poetical FriendTurn The Tables on Telemarketers The Direct Marketing sector regards the telephone as one of its most successful tools. Consumers experience telemarketing from a completely different point of view: more than 92% perceive commercial telephone calls as a violation of privacy. Telemarketers make use of a telescript - a guideline for a telephone conversation. This script creates an imbalance in the conversation between the marketer and the consumer. It is this imbalance, most of all, that makes telemarketing successful. The EGBG Counterscript attempts to redress that balance. (from John)Turn The Tables on Telemarketers The NOAA Photo Library has lots of great free clipart/stock photos. I think of stock photography and clip art interchangeably. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has so many cool images. Mmmmm, weather.Free PhotosIs "Freethinker" Synonymous with Nontheist?

See also: Religion for previous thoughts on this.From the Faith DepartmentThis is New York (Sassy should like this one) This New York Primer makes me laugh.This is New York (Sassy should like this one)  The San Diego Bloggers page has been modified a but more, including sidebars for Netscape 6-7/Mozilla, Macintosh Internet Explorer, and a bookmarklet for Windows Internet Explorer. The same old badges are there, and there are even more great San Diego area blogs to browse. Check them out now! San Diego Bloggers New Words Back in early September, Ben Forta, Cold Fusion guru spoke at UCSD on Cold Fusion MX and other things. I've (uh, finally) written up my notes and they may be of value to someone. Feel free to check them out at: Misc: Ben Forta Speaks. It may, perhaps, possibly, be of interest to folks out there. The most compelling stuff was definitely the web services capabilities of CFMX. And Forta is a great speaker overall. Updated Words My piece on words called I am a Frank Zappa Fan was updated with several excellent links to painlessly find out more about Frank. RSS I've added an RSS XML addition to the blog. It's not strictly speaking a full RSS Feed but it will do for now as it will update when the blog is updated. Referers The blog has had a referers page for a while. Now the home page of ArtLung.com has its own Referers Page. New Header Regular readers may have noted the new header on the blog which was put in place on 18 Oct 2002. It features an image of my very own right iris as taken by Jon Miles of Miles Research. It's really nifty to get closeup images of your own iris like that.ArtLung.com Site Changes PHP Database Abstraction Layers: &raquo; PEAR::DB &raquo; PEAR::MDB &raquo; Metabase &raquo; AdoDB OS X O'Reilly Mac OS X Conference Report from the estimable TidBITS Mozilla Development The book Creating Applications with Mozilla is available online. .NET Alan Cooper on Dot Net Woz This Steve Wozniak article is worth a read. Woz was a prime mover at the beginning of Apple's history. Very interesting cat. Kynn! This review of Kynn's CSS in 24 Hours is pretty cool. Go Kynn! CF CFML Reference OSX Shareware AudioHijack is an excellent piece of shareware that will let you record whatever audio is playing on your Mac to an AIFF file. Very cool. Other Geeky Stuff L.A. (Being A Recap Of Last Weekend's Trip to Los Angeles): On Sunday Erin and Jenny and I went to Los Angeles. It was quite fun. On the way I some Wireless (WiFi aka 802.11b aka AirPort) Access Point scanning. Driving north on Interstate 5 (we call them "freeways" in California) I turned on my clamshell iBook in Orange County. MacStumbler almost immediately started alerting me to APs. I was quite surprised that driving at freeway speeds we would spot any. Obviously at freeway speeds there was no time to join any of these networks and use their net connections, but it was enough time to "see" them. So this makes me want to do more "war-driving" - just to see what's out there. Supposedly the government wants to make this illegal, but it's illegal to use computer resources - wardriving strikes me more like mapping or exploring. It's certainly not nefarious when practiced by someone who is merely curious. Anyway, we went to several places, here are my brief experiences of them: World Book &amp; News: Greatest newsstand ever, still. On Cahuenga just off Hollywood Blvd. No real finds, but it was cool. Amoeba Music: Massive new record store (part of a small chain) on Sunset and Cahuenga - near the site of the Cinerama Dome. Great record store with excellent new and used sections - lots of DVDs, including import/non-US encoded/region discs. Definitely a place I'd return to. They had some Zappa vinyl that made me think twice about abandoning vinyl. I have no turntable - so who needs vinyl now? Maybe when I make my millions. Canter's Deli: Pastrami delights. Classic. Aron's Records: On North Highland Avenue North of Sunset Blvd, worth a visit. Much smaller than Ameoba, but with great quality. Giant Robot: West of the 405 on Sawtelle. Very excellent and clever merchandise, but too expensive. Santa Monica Promenade: Always fun for  a visit. Hennessey + Ingalls: Great art & architecture bookstore. Also in the category of "when I get rich, I'll buy lots" - just looking for books I can look for at the library this trip. It was a great trip. L...Lura says, about San Diego Blog Meetups: A popular person needs to organize this so as to draw from a larger base. Joe, I nominate you. Be our leader, our local hero. Please take these ideas as your own and make this whole thing work better. Let me think about it. If folks have ideas about how to handle this, or want to be notified if something happens with this, please drop me a note. I have some possible ideas - probably a simple notification list that sends out notes on some regular basis that it's happening, and by soliciting feedback in the form of locations or whatever... So many ideas, so little time...Lura says...Some cool words: alas, oft, bereft.Some cool words: Is the Keywords meta tag dead? (via Janece)For Web Geeks Point and Shoot Tips (from photo.net)Photography Steve and Natty are engaged, and still adventuring around the country!Congrats and Salutations!The Onion A/V Club asks notable folks: Is There a God? The Onion is satire, but these folks took the question pretty seriously. I'm not sure how I would answer that question right now, as I have indicated.The Onion A/V Club asks notable folks...I think Charles is back in business with his blog. Go Charles!I think Charles is back in business with his blog...Belated! I missed Matt Haughey's Birthday. Happy Belated Birthday Matt! If you are a regular reader of this blog (hi Mom!) you can blame Matt for turning me onto blogs some long time ago.

Is it Live? New Cold Fusion code snippet on my evolt space: Between Times Example in Cold Fusion.

This Herman Goering Quote is chilling (from Erin)

On 10/10/2002 my Mom wrote in an email:

You have a great day and look at the beauty in everything and everyone.

Is there any nicer wish someone could wish someone?

Interesting: The Political Oddsmaker (from John)

Fascinating: Was McDonaldland plagiarized from the old "H. R. Pufnstuf" kids' TV show? (via Mitch Wagner)

Flattering: There is a new inbound link from someone on the faculty at RISD, she has a great presentation on typography on Introduction to Graphic Design Index page.

And some new spiritual books, these from John, he advises If I could only have two books to read, it would be these two!:
&raquo; The Portable World Bible
&raquo; Practical Cogitator: Or the Thinker's Anthology

This review makes me want to see Punch-Drunk Love

Too late: American Historians Speak Out 'Consulting' Congress On Iraq Is Not Enough

Wonderful Article About Defense Strategy post-911
Failsafe: On September 11, passengers armed only with cellphones and courage succeeded where a multibillion-dollar military failed. Does their achievement mean that 50 years of American defense policy is all wrong?
excerpt: For the past year, we have spoken unceasingly about the events of Sept. 11. But one aspect of that day has not yet been the topic of open discussion: the difficulty we had as a country defending ourselves. As it happened, the only successful defense was carried out not by our professional defense apparatus but by the passengers on Flight 93, which crashed in Pennsylvania. The purpose of this essay is to examine the failures of Sept. 11, and the one success, and ask if they suggest that something in our defense arrangements needs to be changed.

Stay tuned.Catch Up Ball: MiscellanyI AM BEHIND Yes, this blog has not been updated. Patience, sil vous plait, por favor, bitte, please.I AM BEHIND Jennifer has an interesting and good take on hers and my good relationship. Hey, the girl is cool. And yes, for a while we absolutely felt hatred and enmity. But you know what? Hatred stinks. Nothing but trouble it is. One interesting tidbit, or not very-interesting tidbit -- she will likely keep the last name she got via me. It's not really mine per se, I was given it to me through my father. It's not a bad name, and easy to spell. We had a good lunch and good conversation. And hey, we got free brownies at Oscar's because they missed something on our order. What's that you say? Should you be eating brownies Joe? Aren't you losing weight? Well, yes. I'm currently at pre-separation weight minus 70 pounds. That's 70 pounds in 5 months. Weight loss has slowed, but I'm fitter than I used to be by several million miles. Still much weight to lose. Well, fit other than a cold which is coming on me now,  Racquetball is still excellent for my activity. Two times a week and very fun, racquetball is. Talk like Yoda I will now stop. Mrs. CrawfordGail suggests I look at C S Lewis'  book Mere Christianity -- and also here's a website: The Mere Christianity Study Guide.More food for thought. Thanks to all who are reading and contributing!Gail suggests I look at C S Lewis' book Mere Christianity... These were sent to me by my good friend Erin after my posting about Religion and freethought. These are excellent food for thought and have given me much to think about. I was raised Roman Catholic, and always have presumed that I would return to that sphere, IF I went back to religion in any way. I am thankful for Erin, and further, my parents, both of whom sent me excellent advice today. Email from loved ones is a wonderful thing. &raquo; Definitions of Humanism &raquo; John S. Spong's column The Bishop's Voice. He also wrote Christianity Must Change Or Die &raquo; The Center for Progressive Christianity &raquo; The Jesus Seminar: inquiry after the voice of Jesus Food for Religious Thought The RSS Feed, the means by which I can syndicate the content here, has been upgraded. It also does validate.RSS/XML Feed UpdatedAll Kinds of Lab Stuff Articles and code snippets for web geeks: some new, some old, all have been enhanced lately. Bookmark it and tell your friends! &raquo; Change Form Input Direction &raquo; Auto-Calculator &raquo; Dropdown / Select Box Navigation with JavaScript &raquo; Onmouseover in a TR tag &raquo; Changing the color of a form element when it's blank &raquo; Mozilla Rounded Corners &raquo; HTML Tags for Java Applets, circa 1999 &raquo; Dropdown Navigation Where Only Some Links Open New WindowsAll Kinds of Lab Stuff DeeIsChristina.com (link from Erin). The new record by Christina Aguilera should be good. I'm going to pick it up  when cashflow is a bit better. So far I'm actually impressed. Check out christinaaguilera.to for current Xtina (yeah, that's apparently her nickname) news. And yes, I think her fashion choices stink lately.Ouch; Christina News It's the poor craftsman that blames his tools (or racquet). I'm playing this afternoon.About Racquetball I'm still optimizing the code, but you can check out a Random San Diego Blogger from the San Diego Bloggers Page. Go now!Random San Diego Blogger Check this: http://www.youmaybenext.com/ -- "a company in San Diego, Pangea Intellectual Properties (PANIP LLC) is suing companies all across the country. They claim that if you use graphical and textural information on a video screen for purposes of making a sale, then you are infringing on their patent. US Patent No 5,576,951. And if you accept information to conduct automatic financial transactions via a telephone line & video screen, you're infringing on their patent. US Patent No. 6,289,319" Read the linked news articles to assess legitimacy. It's also interesting that the list of known defendents include none in California. Anyone know about these Pangea people? Looks like www.panip.com/ is down. (via web405 list)YouMayBeNext.com I feel great today. The weather is a little gray. But I feel great today. More to come later...Feel great, less filling Dori of BackupBrain writes: Macromedia's got something cool in their pocket, but I had to sign an NDA. Keep an eye out for this one, folks. To which I think aloud: I saw and heard Ben Forta speak here in San Diego last month and he referred to a new Macromedia product in beta -- the intriguing description was of a product:  "in between Word and Excel" Could it be that Dori and Ben are referring to the same thing?Cool Macromedia Secret Product On Deck? Iris Gaines: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;You know, I believe we have two lives. Roy Hobbs: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;How ... what do you mean? Iris Gaines: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The life we learn with and the life we live with after that.from The NaturalQuote of the Day The last few days I've been deep in thought. I haven't been blogging all my deepest thoughts here though. I'm still having thoughts though. I have lots of thoughts: about divorce, weight loss, work, freelancing, work in respiratory therapy, girlfriends, old girlfriends, friendships, honesty, religion, faith, abstract emotions, love, mistakes, learning from mistakes, and much more. I do feel pretty good lately, but with a side dish of stress. I still have so much to learn from life, and I'm trying to make a go of it the best way I know how. As much as I think I've reached a plateau of enlightenment in the past five months, I still have much more to learn. It continues to be an interesting life, filled with love from many quarters, as well as challenges galore. Still and all, I am a very lucky man. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;With love, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Onward. Personal Brief On October 11th I saw Stew play music at Java Joe's in Ocean Beach. He did something unusual for him as a solo artist, as even as part of his band The Negro Problem: he played a cover. The one he played was a song I had never heard before. A remarkable number from the Rolling Stone's Beggars's Banquet: it's called Stray Cat Blues. He prefaced this with the note that this album came out in 1967 or 1968 - and given that the Stones were at the time the biggest band in pop, the lyrical content of the song is unbelievably. He said it was the kind of thing that maybe R.Kelly would write about if he actually had the guts to write about what he does. The song is pretty unbelievable when you think about it. Stew was right when he shared with the audience that any artist couldn't put out a record like this, even the hardest rapper wouldn't dare make allusions to sexual interactions with underage girls as boldly as this song does. And yet the Stones were huge at the time. You can check the lyrics to Stray Cat Blues here. Culture [Warning, Adult Concepts Herein]  Asteroid Impact Could Have Led To Nuclear War (between Pakistan and India)Warms the Cockles of My Heart A QuickBooks Software Development Kit is available. They're encouraging developers to check it out.QuickBooks SDK Jon Sullivan has a fascinating copyright policy for his website. It's fascinating inasmuch as he claims no copyright whatsoever. Read his un-copyright policy.Un-Copyright Darpa's Information Awareness Office has a logo which conspiracy theorists will love.Bad Design For Government Agencies 101 The idea of Smart Mobs is really intriguing to me. (Reminds me of the line Swarm! Swarm! from Rushmore.)Distributed Disruptive Intelligence Mormon Temples and Temple RitualsInteresting Talking To Your Kids About FascismPoli Sci Lite A Guide To Building Secure Web ApplicationsFor Geeks Who Build Web Applications Shaloman, the Isreali Super Hero! Pretty funny. What are Scott Shaw's Oddball Comics? Oddball Comics And now there's a SDB  RSS Feed.San Diego Bloggers : RSS Feed Morning flights are tolerable if the person who's taking you to the airport is not tense. I got a ride from my girlfriend this morning and that went very nicely. But as a rule, I prefer to fly later in the day. You see, I'm a last-minute packer and tend to stay up too late before a morning flight. This does help me sleep during the ride though. But today, got to bed at midnight, up at 5am. At about 6am, San Diego traffic is pretty low-key. Mind you, this is not an indication that I want to be on the road everyday at 6am. On a long (say, longer than 3 hours) I much prefer to sleep most of the flight. I despise the bulkhead seats. They do not afford a location for my backpack and other crud. I appreciate having an "under the seat in front of you" spot. As in George Carlin's famous bit, I need "a place for my stuff." Airline food is not really getting worse, but it is getting odder. I was on a morning flight today, so the meal was breakfast. The choices were pancakes or omelet. I opted for the omelet. But I think the cheese inside was actually Cheez-Wiz, or perhaps non-spicy nacho cheese. And it wasn't so much cooked all together, like an omelet. I think the cooking methodology was to make a thick crepe (1 1/2 eggs I think) and then ladle in 1/3 cup of gooey Cheez-Wiz. Then fold over. Summary: Lame. Travel in the continental U.S. in 2002 brings one nose-to-nose with new Federalized Airport Security Personnel. The San Diego folks seemed to know what they were doing. I suppose I feel safer, but I can't help but feel that the "random" searches just prior to boarding are busywork. The rationale for the searches on my flight was that "the security screeners need to be kept busy" - so I of course timed my boarding to coincide with someone else getting the "take off your shoes" treatment. I'm typing this now in the Pittsburgh Airport. I see that here too there are pre-boarding security screeners. Blech. Perhaps I can just say that I "gave at the office." I don't have a connection to the internet now, or I would quote the Bruce Sterling quote about the current state of the airports. His thesis is that by subjecting Americans to ever-increasing levels of screening, security, humiliation ("show your papers and take off your shoes?") we are slowly instituting a police state in this country. Not all at once, mind you, but incrementally. I think of the frog/boiling water analogy. Put a frog in boiling water and she will jump out immediately. Put a frog in cold water and slowly raise the temperature and the frog does not notice its' poaching until it is too late. Observations on Flying Across The Country I'm still house-sitting. Been out of the loop on some things. In-the-loop on other things.Still House Sitting Interesting article (somewhat inflammatory, sadly) on BBEdit's HTML Syntax Checker and  the W3C Validator -- a reaction to Dori Smith's comments at her BackupBrain blog. I weighed in, but John Gruber's comments are juicy and technical. I think the vociferousness of the debate shows how strongly people feel about BBEdit. For Mac MarkUp Nerds Noted on the negro problem yahoogroup. Supposedly you can get it at a live at a Stew show, and sometime soon, online. Here's the tracklist. Can't hardly wait.  xmas again (promo ep version) bleed the statue song (indoors again) giselle the stepford lives my damn butterfly movie of the weakness miss satan  columbus boomy guitar song she's really daddy feelgood   rehab  stranded on the club girls terrain  xmas again (live version) ken  More Stew at artlung.com/fansite/stew-tnp/Another Record I Want: From Stew: Muddy Sweetboot Allen is going through something similar to what I was going through in May (heartache / breakup), and for saw a simpatico with my entries from earlier this year. He linked to me and I appreciate it. I'm glad to have people read, and maybe even learn something.I don't know if there is anything to learn exactly from my experience. But maybe it's a lesson in the fact that one should not give up hope. One should not think that just because you hit a wall that you're doomed. One should reach out to friends and family when one is in crisis.Not bad lessons.Simpatico Yes, it has been a long time since I've blogged. It's a lovely morning here in Encinitas California. I'll be house-sitting for quite a while. The house is lovely, and I have two pets to take care of. There's a cranky older black and white cat. And there's a Tibetan Terrier who just love love loves everyone. They also take the North County Times and the New York Times -- Reading material! I've set up my AirPort base station and connected it to their Linksys router so I can do work from my old clamshell iBook. So here I sit, enjoying the brownies that the owners of the house left for me. Keeping busy as much as possible and trying to eat right. I get occasional visits from my girlfriend, and from the neighbor, who brought the dog to me. I had put the dog in the backyard for a while, and, well, the dog is an escape artist. It's an old fashioned house to some extent, which is to say it has only one TV and no microwave. But it is comfortable, and there is art on all the walls. Much to look at in that vein. I'm trying to get my head screwed on straight. Quite a challenge these days, as I really feel like I don't know what I'm doing. It's been a heckuva year so far. I hope so much that things settle down soon, but I think the stormy seas, for me, for my friends, for the country, for the world, will not abate anytime soon. A week ago Sunday I helped a friend who had a person very close to them die. I've been loathe to blog about it. But I feel I must. I spent the day with said person, helping in the small ways I was able to. Death is so final. Life is so precious. More, there is so much stupidity. Why must the fun that can be had with the many substances the planet provides and that human hands can invent (I'm thinking here of drugs - alcohol, caffeine, fat, marijuana, opiates, hallucinogens) cause so much pain? How many people a year die in alcohol-related deaths? How many brain cells are killed with every toke? I hear you. It's easy for me to talk about these things, I'm a teetotaler. I abstain from drugs in the same way my hero Frank Zappa abstained (he did none except coffee and cigarettes).  Ever try to have a conversation with someone on drugs? It just doesn't work.  And that's my standpoint as well. Drugs are incredibly limiting of our minds. They seem to produce happiness, but in truth they are an escape from reality. I think the lesson is that we need to learn to live in our reality without anesthetizing ourselves to it. I realize that this is not necessarily a popular stance. House-Sitting and Other Things (Long) I have to agree with some of the stuff on yer list.  I can't believe you, of all people, don't like even the A.A. Milne Winnie the Pooh character(s).  Have you read the books?  Why would you take so much time out of your busy schedule to single out Mr. Pooh when there are far worse animated characters to hate?  Like... fer instance... the All Dogs Go To Heaven animals?  Sailor Moon?  DuckTails? Muppet Babies?  The Berenstain Bears?  Strawberry Shortcake? ShirtTails?  I challenge you to read an A.A. Milne book and continue in your efforts against my client... harrumph!

see also my original post and some feedback.More Feedback On Things I Don't Like (from Erin)... Pete Townshend on Kurt Cobain's Journals -- I really like this because Pete is a smart fellow and great lyricist. Cobain and Nirvana signified a generation and a sound for a while, but ultimately I don't think they matter any more than, say, The Eagles do to posterity. Cobain's life sure was tragic though. I'm not a fan of senseless death. Suicide, moreover, annoys me to no end.Old Rocker On Dead Rocker &raquo; Version Control with CVS on Mac OS X &raquo; Open Source Development with CVS (BBEdit 7 apparently has tight CVS integration)Two CVS Links The Law of Leaky Abstractions For Geeks The Comics Journal Blog weighs in on the Stan Lee / Spider-Man lawsuit.Stan! The Chuck Jones Gallery in Old Town San Diego was robbed. That stinks. Can you help find the culprit or the art?Catch Chucknappers! If you're a fan of the original SNL cast and show, read these: SNL Book Exerpt Part One | SNL Book Exerpt Part TwoGreat Links About Saturday Night Live I got two pieces of mail about that post. One was from Jenny who had this to say:  How bout a list of things you do like? eating corn from a can, raquetball, zappa, homemade enchiladas, etc. But you did forget one thing on your list of stuff you don't like: sour cream within 50 feet of mexican food.  And my pal Joe T took issue with several of my points. He's not convincing me, but he never fails to make me laugh.  I must take issue with a number of items on your "don't like" list...  Winnie the Pooh  Yes, I know you feel it promotes ignorance, but it's not about being stupid, it's about innocence and naivet&eacute;.  There's nothing wrong with that in today's world.  The problem with Winnie the Pooh now is that it's been so bastardized by the Disney Company that it no longer resembles that.  Pink Floyd  This I cannot understand.  Maybe you mean the post-Roger Waters stuff. That's the only explanation I can come up with.  How can anyone NOT enjoy Dark Side of the Moon with the lights off (except for maybe that one red bulb you kept for parties and dates).  Forcefully dumb TV (Tom Green, Jackass, Man Show, etc.)  I think you are also being too hard on this.  I can understand finding Tom Green annoying, but Jackass?  These guys are carrying on the traditions of Hal Needham from the 70s.  They are the living Hoopers, J.Js, and Bandits.  I also like the fact that these shows speak to the testerone side of me that doesn't think I need to be gentle, understanding, or politically correct all the time.  Candy Corn  Gotta take issue with this one as well.  I can understand this if you mean after the 15th kernal that you eat in one sitting.  Otherwise, the waxy flavor of candy corn should always be welcome in your house on Halloween.  Paid-off Politicians  I guess you mean you hate all politicians, because they are all paid-off.  Even those Green bastards.  (You going to tell me that Nader ran Green because he believed in their platform?) Sometimes I just don't feel like I know you anymore. ...Sigh...  About The Things I Don't Like A side project recently completed -- Passepar2.com, the website of Leah Peterson. She's an Artist with a capital 'A' and I had fun putting her site together. Really it's just a shell to show off her paintings. She also has a blog.Site Launch - Passepar2.com For no particular reason, in no particular order. Winnie the Pooh. Pink Floyd. Forcefully dumb TV (Tom Green, Jackass, Man Show, etc.). Nuclear Weapons. Nuclear Power (as it's deployed). The Moody Blues. Soap Operas. HTML Email. Sensational Local TV News. Candy Corn. Censorship. Encroaching Surveillance. Eroding Civil Liberties. People Who Don't Vote. Spam. Urban Sprawl. Paid-off Politicians. (( Things I don't like about myself will be covered another time. That's probably a longer list anyway. ))Things I Do Not Like Out In The WorldI voted.I voted.Vote.Vote. new header for the blog. yesterday was very rough. A good friend's longtime boyfriend died in a horrible accident yesterday. I normally sleep like a log, but I actually woke up to a phone call at 4am Sunday morning. It was my friend. She had gotten the news, and had been talking with Crisis Intervention, the police, and another friend of hers was there. It was awful all around. I did what little I could to try and provide comfort and logistical support - making some phone calls - driving her to the hospital - picking  up her Mom who flew in from back east (her Mom got immeidately on a plane). My friend does not have much family, but does have a lot of friends who have been a good support system so far. When something bad happens you feel so helpless. You try and do what you can do and provide the comfort you can, but I always feel like there must be more that can be done. I felt as though I did some good though. The upshot is I'm really tired, about 3 hours total sleep Saturday night. I'm not sure what else to say, but Warren Zevon, recently diagnosed with lung cancer, was an inspiration last week. His advice for living: enjoy every sandwich. Not bad. Onward.Enjoy Every Sandwich Arrived in Virginia fine. My Mom washed my cheap military coat. My Mom taught me to make her salsa (yum!). I've installed WiFi at my folks house. I've traveled 100 miles to see some old friends. Here too I did some tech troubleshooting! I'm typing this from a dial-up connection. I feel good. Thanksgiving is a great holiday. My head feels great. I miss Leah a bit more than I thought I would. It's a new relationship, but a strong one. I listened to some of my Pop's CDs on the drive - one on Freud, one on Hume. Excellent stuff about the self, morality, and natural religion. Saw an old friend and colleage from my UVa days -- Wendy -- she's moved into a new house. Moving is so exciting! ... Tonight I'm staying with my old bud Vince and his family. They took me out to dinner (shrimp and ribs!) and his son Jared is the bomb! I read him his bedtime stories. Tomorrow I'll hang out here for a while, then head back south. Perhaps time to play my Dad at racquetball? ... I'm still not quite acclimated to the time change, but no matter, gotta hit the hay now. Force myself to sleep. That's the smart thing to do. Yes, the above was all non-sequitors. Sorry about that. Too busy to be articulate and soul-searching. Know, however, that I feel very good. Good night to you all, from Eastern Standard Time, somewhere in Virginia where it's 34 degrees Fahrenheit. Oh, and I forgot my digital camera. And there are cool things to take pictures of. *sigh* -- like the mural I did of a plane for Jared last time I was here. It looks pretty dang good! On-ward.In Brief &raquo; Miscellaneous Web Files &raquo; Fun Detagger Script in PHP &raquo; Undocumented Linklint JavaScript FeatureThree New Lab Items Tomorrow Now, the new nonfiction work by Bruce Sterling, comes out today in the USA. Pattern Recogniton by William Gibson, comes out in February of 2003. Meanwhile, Quicksilver (Baroque Cycle, volume 1) by Neal Stephenson will come out next September.Books I Will Eventually OwnIt's my reply to those on the west coast who complain about the California "lack of seasons" -- bah -- snow is highly overrated. See also my post on being waylaid by weather.There Is A New Header I went to two parties this weekend. One a barbecue with some old friends (and some new) and then a work party with Miss Leah. At the BBQ I got to see Steve and Natty, who are back from their USA travels and they look terrific! At the Christmas (Holiday?) Party for Leah's work I had a lovely time. She works with nice people I think, and the lunch (up in Temecula) was tasty as well. After that we hung out at her place, did some laundry, and came back home after a nice weekend. Today I'm taking my Grandma to see the Doctor - a followup from earlier issues. I also think I have a job interview. I'll know more about that later. Money is tight, which is embarassing but predictable, given my idiocy in handling money -- but unemployment came through now that work at the old gig is definitely not in the cards. My parents have helped so much in that arena -- I am so lucky. I think about the stresses I could be having, that others I know are struggling with -- illness, death, chronic pain -- and I feel lucky. This was the worst year of my life. But I feel lucky. I've gotten a reprieve, and a second chance. It's so off that the worst year could in some ways turn out to be the thing that turned my whole life around. Onward.Another Lovely Weekend I saw a note for a band with the name Lloyd Dobler Effect - a very cool name. Lloyd Dobler is the name of the John Cusack character in ...say anything. If you have not seen that movie, you should. Read the quotes, particularly this one: The world is full of guys. Be a man. Don't be a guy. I'm really serious. Go see it now.Something I Saw on a Marquee in Roanoke; Go Watch ...Say Anything A Watched Populace Never BoilsEssay on Privacy/Surveillance I'm Meaning to Read The Uncanny Valley is an intiguing essay/project exploring why certain things that are very human-like are so creepy, but things that are somewhat less human-like are not.The Uncanny Valley Last night my roomie (Erin) and I went to see Tori Amos at UCSD's RIMAC. I first saw Tori Amos back in 1991 or 1992 in Charlottesville. She remains a compelling performer, and she did not disappoint. The sound was a bit muddy, but she was great. Simple instrumentation - just her and her piano (and some electric organs as well) and a bass player and a drummer. She did a nice mix of old and new, China was an emotional highlight for me -- I found myself oddly emotional for the show. I think the span of time over which I have been listening to Amos' music is a bit scary. There have been so many relationships and women in my life in  that time.  Tori is a very emotional and very much a woman performer, and I found myself very moved. I was also quite tired, but I was definitely moved. Now, racquetball, and later a barbecue. I hope all of you have a great day. (And I wish that for myself too!)Tori Tori Tori A quote...  People who only know one world (of computer programming -Joe) get really smarmy, and every time they hear about the complications in the other world, it makes them think that their world doesn't have complications. But they do. You've just moved beyond them because you are proficient in them. These worlds are just too big and complicated to compare any more.  Read it all at Lord Palmerston on Programming New Joel On Software Lura.net redesigned. Looks good!Lura Redesigned! At one time I was really into chess. And I am interested in the cult of celebrity around Bobby Fischer -- the article Bobby Fischer's Pathetic Endgame shows him to be paranoid, deluded, and nuts. Reading it is the same feeling as looking at unpleasant photos of an accident. You want to look away, but you can't.Bobby Fischer Really Is Nuts! Robert Mankoff (editor of New Yorker toons) from November 27th and Frank Miller (Dark Knight, Dark Knight Returns, Give Me Liberty) from November 14th. Worth a listen!Fresh Air Featuring Comix Strong Bad makes me laugh out loud. Here are his tips on how to build a website!Strong Bad! (or to a lesser extent, Z'Nuf)So as I write this, the flight crew for my flight back to San Diego is circling the Pittsburgh Airport. So we're delayed as my ready-to-go plane awaits a pilot.

Yesterday was harrowing. The snow came down in buckets starting at about 12 noon Eastern time in Roanoke. My flight out was scheduled for 6:30pm. The drive to the airport, normally a 20-25 minute affair, took an hour and a half. Why? Snow. Snow. More snow. I drove my Mom's CRV, four-wheel drive, and we still did some slipping and sliding. We took off for the airport very early, about 5 hours before my departure time. My flight out was delayed also, owing to the snow. The upshot of all of this was that I left Roanoke much later than my scheduled departure time,  missed my connecting flight to San Diego. In Pittsburgh I stayed at the Holiday Inn. The way it works now is that the airlines no longer pay for your place to stay if you are stranded due to weather ("Act of God" in insurance company parlance), but they will get you a cheaper rate. In the hotel the broadband worked fine (2.95 on my bill this morning) but the outbound calling on the telephone simply didn't work. I could take calls though. I was able to call my folks, Erin (my new roommate, she moved in whilst I was away), and my girlfriend Leah. Leah was quite disappointed to hear that I would not be in last night. I was too, as a matter of fact. Now, weather-wise, Pittsburgh was cold (25&deg;F) last night, but not snowy. When I got up this morning at 6:15 and looked out my window, what did I see? Snow. Snow. More snow.

I joked last night with Leah that she should go ahead and talk to this God guy - I was interested in recouping my $55 for the room. After all, my layover was due to "act of God," and since USAirways wasn't paying, perhaps I could idemnify this God fellow. Unfortunately since I don't particularly believe in God (agnosticism, doncha know (see this and this), I thought I could perhaps get my girlfriend to intervene.

Yes, to some of you I'm aware this is a bit sacrilegious sounding. I assure you I mean no harm.

In any case, one of the better moves I made yesterday was asking my Mom to pick me up some Tiger's Milk Bars (peanut butter flavor please). She got me these Powerbars (my reaction at the time was disappointment), and I ended up having them as dinner. And as a nice surprise, they were not as odious as my previous experiences with Powerbars have been. In fact, they were pretty good. Thanks Mom!

Leah was to pick me up last night, but she can't do a daytime (work and all) pickup, so I'm having another friend, Liz pick me up. I'm eternally grateful for this favor. I'm trying to be in maximum frugality mode these days, and a taxicab would be efficient, but 20 dollars better spent elsewhere.

While I'm in typing mode, I'll note that my clamshell iBook only retains about an hour and a half of charge. This is a 266Mhz model, running Mac OS X.2. I think I used to get about 4 hours on this thing. I wonder why it gets less now? Is it the OSX? Or do I need a new battery?  I never really put this machine through its' paces when it was running OS 9 -- it mostly stayed plugged i in the living room, a machine to check email, do minor work, check news and movie times via 802.11b. But now, I use it much more.Pittsburgh Adventures (written in the Pittsburgh AirPort, from December 5th) I'm no sure, but I think that the below indicates that if you hit the precise turning of the hour and you have the time in your shell config, you get to see "DING!" on the command line.  [4:58pm][artlung@The-iBook:~]: [DING!][artlung@The-iBook:~]:  I wonder if this is common to all unices? And I wonder if my interpretation is correct?Fun Fact About Mac OS X PHP Triad is interesting. It combines the "AMP" parts of "LAMP" into one easy installer for Windows. Idiot-proofing open source is a laudable goal. As installers get better, more people will use these tools in more ways. That has to be good.PHP Triad (This was written on my Virginia/Thanksgiving Vacation)

I'm still in Virginia and have utterly failed to maintain my correspondence properly whilst here. One of the things I've been up to is some archeology. I found some old photos, or rather my sister found some old photos. The photo at left is of me in my UVa Medical Center uniform. It must be from 1991 or 1992. I think I look so strange, hamming it up with my stethoscope and my Dad and his then top-of-the-line Mac IIci.

Last night I actually dreamt about some medical procedures I used to do as an RT (and may do again sometime soon) -- specifically I remember doing an ABG (arterial blood gas). I don't ascribe much meaning to dreams, but this was vivid. It was not so much like a dream as like a run-through of the entire procedure. I remember checking for collateral circulation with the Allen's Test, instructed the patient, palpated for a good radial artery pulse, inserted the needle cautiously, saw the flash of blood, and allowed it to fill with 1cc of blood. Then I removed the needle, held pressure, and put it on ice for processing.

Again, doesn't mean much, but I think Virginia makes me think of medicine.

I got a job offer too. My buddy Vinnie offered me a job in the company he works with as a Respiratory Therapist. Salary is not so hot, but there's a healthy sign-on bonus. But I don't see myself here in Virginia. As much as it would be wonderful to be nearer my parents and sister, I'm a City Mouse. More, my place is out west. I'm a California animal. It's funny though, I always feel like an expatriate, almost anywhere I go. Another factor is my girlfriend, who I dote on verily. I am exercising caution of course, but she means a great deal to me.

My Mom has gone on a Goodwill binge and I had about 10 boxes of old stuff. Books, textbooks, magazines, toys, whatnot -- old things. I've grabbed out old report cards and a hat and kerchief from my Cub Scout days. Plus a few other notions. I got rid of a pile of Amiga and TI-99/4a magazines which are of no value anymore. I also had a pile of old textbooks from high school and junior college. I kept some of my old term papers and class notes. Some journal things I will want to revisit someday. Mostly I've been a packrat and keep everything with me. This means that 99% of what I own is back home in San Diego. Archeology and Nostalgia Basic business is material, process, product, and sales.Synopsis Collected From Some Mailing List I'm back in California after a long respite and several crises of various proportions. Luckily none of these have been fatal or long-lasting. However, I have had a good time recovering and am currently feeling pretty darn good. And now, the news: Roommate I have taken on a roommate here on the homestead. I live in a two-bedroom, one bath apartment, and was using the second bedroom as an office. Before I went to Virginia for Thanksgiving I vacated that whole office (depicted here from a few months ago) and moved the computers to my bedroom and the living room. I've also Goodwilled more things. I'm amazed that things fit in there as well as they did. Divorce Last night Jenny and I met and went over the terms for Summary Dissolution. We agree to file within this month. I'm in the process of preparing the Statement of Property and the necessary paperwork to file with San Diego County. By the time we file it will be the end of 2002. If all goes well, Jennifer and I will be entirely divorced by the end of June 2003. We continue to be on good terms, and in our own way, friends. The ill will and discomfort that were a hallmark of this summer are all but gone, and I am moving forward, as is she. Girlfriend My girlfriend and I missed each other terribly while we were away from each other. We feel so strongly for each other, and are trying to be both true and cautious. the rapport and comfort we feel for each other is wonderful. Both of us are once bitten, twice shy about the future -- but for now we have a good time together. Virginia Spending two weeks in Virginia was great. I'll likely post more about this later. My parents are doing well, and it was great to see them! I enjoyed many games of racquetball with my father -- we are pretty evenly matched, which is nice. My father is in the best shape I've seen him in in perhaps 20 years, and he is a fierce competitor. Thus, the games were quite good. My Dad has gotten way into Macintosh computers. I set up a home WiFi network using AirPort and several computers - Macs, laptops, and a Windows box. It all worked flawlessly. I also helped him out with some minor tips on scanning and filesharing. He was off all week which was a nice change: usually he works non-stop. My Mom is great as usual too. She has been so supportive this year, both of them have been. We had time to talk and shop and have lunch. I also got to learn to make her salsa and her Spanish rice. She took the time to dry clean my black coat and make sure my "working" coat (a military coat I got surplus here in San Diego) got washed as well. My Mom's great. Thanksgiving I ate well in Virginia. My Mom cooked often - always healthy. For Thanksgiving my sister made wonderful grilled Ahi tuna and wasabi mashed potatoes. Unconventional and delicious. Other highlights of my stay include lots of that salsa as well as fresh tortillas, pico de gallo, and great salads. Work I'm backtracking on freelancing. I may take on some more small projects, but I am now interested in full-time employment. I'm hungry like the wolf for full-time work here in San Diego. And that's the update. Thanks for reading, and for your patience. I hope to be posting here regularly, as much has been happening in the past few weeks. If you're looking for a laugh, you can read Is there a Santa? (from an engineering standpoint). And...... onward.Back In The Saddle Again So Christmas was wonderful. I got so many great presents from my friends and family. I was not able to give all I would have liked, but I'm looking forward to a prosperous 2003. Christmas with the Crawford family was wonderful. My Uncle and his son played the guitar on Christmas day, and we all feasted on turkey with all the trimmings. Christmas Eve I made quite a haul. We had our traditional potato soup, and opened all the "Non-Santa" gifts. It was wonderful to be in the presence (and presents! forgive the pun) of family. I got a shaver from my parents with a digital readout. It gives a close shave so far. Right now it's charging. Before we began opening presents we started with a reading by my Uncle of the story of the birth of the Christ from the New Testament. I think Mark? (not sure at all on that, I know one one of the books does not even mention it if I remember right). This weekend Leah and I will drive to Utah. Yes, you read that right, Utah. She will see her brothers and sisters, who are all far afield and are converging on Utah. It will be a long drive, but maybe not too long. I will keep her company and read and we'll listen to music. We will return late Sunday so I can get my nose back to the grindstone. I'm hoping to take at least a few photos. The weather outlook is favorable, so we shall see.Road Trip I have a lot of thoughts this Christmas. It's been a heckuva year, that's for sure. From separation to divorce. Job changes. Some freelance. Some botched opportunities on my part. Marital counseling. Counseling. New relationships. It's all been a bit much. Sometimes I think I should just go lie down for a month or three. But I will survive it all. Christmas is here. And here are the plans: We'll do the traditional Christmas Eve at the Crawford Grandparents, then I'll be staying at Leah's place with her, her four kids, her roommate Craig - we'll do a semi-traditional Christmas morning there. Then I'll be off to my Aunt's for Christmas afternoon. I've been around Leah with her kids twice now, and it goes pretty well. It's a different kind of experience, and I certainly want to be smart about it. But there's no perfection and no simplicity in this type of situation. I'm dating her, not her kids. This is the fact. But these people, well, young people, are a big part of her life, and I have to figure out how to fit in to the picture as a boyfriend. She's far from any family, so it's her, and her kids for Christmas. Christmas brings feelings - old feelings - of religiousness, of the story of Christmas, of this person called Jesus. To me, stories. Stories of incredible power. Stories containing great bits of natural philosophy, but in the end most of them are myths. Ideally, myths which encourage people to be the best they can be to one another. Myths which encourage and sustain lives. Myths which remind us of the amazing power we all have inside us. It's at Christmastime that I find myself wishing I was religious. I wish that I could simply accept Christianity or even Religion without analysis. The reality is that my experiences of the miraculous ended when I came to understand death and suffering as banal events. We simply die. It is terrible. To hope that there is a life after is probably wishful thinking. To attempt to believe in a useful supreme being or an afterlife knots my stomach with illogic. I remain agnostic. I will not judge the power that religion has in another person's life. For my grandmother, my mother, for several aunts, for friends, colleagues -- religion is a powerful, comforting force. For me, I find comfort in my fellow human beings. I find comfort in the amazing capacity humans have to love and do good. I have experienced so much pain this year, but for every pain and hardship, I have experienced love and hope too from my friends and family and even strangers. It is with these thoughts that I wish you all a wonderful holiday season, whatever your creed, whatever your race, whatever your beliefs or nonbeliefs. Much love. Don't drink too much egg nog, don't be rude at the mall. Onward. Christmas Plans & ThoughtsCoffee, Tea, or Should We Feel Your Pregnant Wife's Breasts Before Throwing You in a Cell at the Airport and Then Lying About Why We Put You There? is outrageous. If it's even half true, be scared for your nation.

This is not America to me.Outrage in Support of "National Security" On Thursday I went to the ACM San Diego meeting. I even got a tour of San Diego Supercomputer Center. They have lots of computers and computing power. I got to see the gigantic (1.7 teraflops (a teraflop is a trillion floating-point operations per second) Blue Horizon machine.  When I think about Moore's law, and think that the machine is getting obsolete like with every minute -- words fail me. The talk/demo on the NPACI Rocks toolkit for building supercomputer clusters was great. I didn't grok it all, but I like the use of XML to config redhat installs, and the autodetection of new machines on the cluster was quite clever. As a web developer, I appreciated the use of Apache and MySQL to keep track of the cluster, and to have the machines report their status and structures.  The variability of commodity hardware makes simple hard disk mirroring - which I believe is the way things like Beowulf work - chancy. The differences between hardware can make installations unstable or break. Their philosophy is to let Red Hat be Red Hat and install itself on variable hardware with proper drivers. They use the de-facto standard of RPM files to do updates to all the nodes on the cluster. The problem Rocks solves is the problem of administering lots of linux boxes. By using smart administration the whole system, and all the nodes, can be updated intelligently. Read the NPACI Rocks Cluster Distribution: Users Guide Introduction for more information. NPACI Rocks Toolkit, or, Build Your own Cluster SupercomputerFrom My Medicine Days See one, do one, teach one.From My Medicine Days DMCA exemption sought to allow saving of PC software from decay  Early PC software is about to decay and it is not clear we are allowed to save it.    The anti-circumvention provisions of the DMCA may prevent libraries from saving some of the most creative works of the 20th century from being lost. via nettimeDMCA versus Librarians 1997 Rise of the Stupid Network 1998 The Dawn of the Stupid Network 2000 Worse Is Better 2002 The Paradox of the Best Network:  The best network is the hardest one to make money running.Some Fascinating Good Words"Total Information Awareness" as a diagnosis problem (web.archive)TIA is a Bummer Computer Science does not learn from its past - three rants from smart folk: 1 &middot; 2  &middot; 3Sad for Scientific Progress The Problem with JavaScript is a rather lukewarm article that talks about the fact that JavaScript itself is not evil, but the things people do with it are. It blames (rightly) browser and email client creators for enabling it to do malicious stuff. For an excellent history of JavaScript read Steve Champeon's  history of the language. Me, I like JavaScript. ( See: ArtLung Lab: Scripting ) JavaScript: Don't hate the playah, hate the game Bruce Schneier's Crypto-Gram newsletter this month says, among other things: Our society does not give us the right of revenge, and wouldn't work very well if it did.  Read the whole thing. Counterattack = Vigilantism = Bad for Society  Thanksgiving Veggie quiche Far from Heaven Seared Tuna and Wasabi Mashed Potatoes Angel Food Cake Buffy Marathon on FX Phone call with Leah Dad and Photoshop Elements Dueling Cats My Sister Laptoporama Salsa-making with my Mom "I'm sorry I didn't tell you about the world" - A.I. Solaris Racquetball with my Dad  Random Stuff From Thanksgiving Roanoke (Just a list) If you write PHP in BBEdit, you want the BBEdit PHP Glossary.BBEdit PHP Glossary It's here: Live Phish volume 15: The Omni in Atlanta Georgia. What's the connection? Phish takes the whole Talking Heads record Remain In Light and covers it live on Disc 3 of Live Phish volume 15. I've heard Crosseyed and Painless as they do it. Fun! I don't know much Phish, but I know some smart folks who dig 'em.Someday we'll find it, the Phish/Talking Heads Connection Users Begin to Demand Software Usability Tests: Boeing requiring vendors to follow new usability standard for products. This is an interesting article.  I like how the MS rep says "customers don't ask for usability" - which of course rings true. But then customers are implicitly asking for usability when they can't find what they need and want, are lost, or don't know what is available to them. The Inmates Are Running The Asylum talks about the endemic problem of products engineered for engineers and not for people. It seems to me that this new common format for usability testing is a nice step. More information on the Common Industry Format for Usability Test Reports (CIF) can be found at: http://zing.ncsl.nist.gov/iusr/Usability Standards This is cool -- common questions about racquetball -- with simply worded answers. Like How do I get more power from my backhand? and Can I let the ball hit the front wall TWICE before I hit it?.Racquetball Frequently Asked Questions The Creative Commons project launched this month, and you should be aware of their activities to empower people to license their works in creative ways.  I've not decided how I will license my own web works, but the items in the Lab have always been more or less public. I intend to license them more intelligently. In the meantime, visit Creative Commons.Creative Commons  Dogs believe they are human. Cats believe they are God. Great Signature Line I Stumbled On J.R.R. Tolkien -- enemy of progress -- an excerpt:  Obsession with either past or future can almost define a civilization. Worldwide, most cultures believed in some lost golden age when people knew more, mused loftier thoughts and were closer to the gods -- but then fell from grace. Under this dour but recurrent worldview, men and women of a later, coarser era can only look back with envy, hearkening to remnants of ancient wisdom.  Or as They Might Be Giants say in Put Your Hand Inside The Puppet Head:  Yes it's sad to say you will romanticize All the things you've known before It was not not not so great It was not not not so great That said, I want to go see the movie.David Brin is Cranky About Lord of the Rings Colin Fahey's J2ME Cell Phone Experience is one developers' one-time experience with BREW, a mobile computing platform, which he contrasts with his experience developing with Java for mobile phones. He makes good points, though I wonder if he let his bias for open platforms affect him unduly. QUALCOMM's BREW Considered Harmful? Happy&middot;New&middot;Year! And may 2003 be better than 2002.Incidentally New on the San Diego Bloggers Page from October to December:  12/31: B RICH 12/29: Monkeys In My Pants 12/26: reddoor.wireless.news 12/26: reddoor.technology.news 12/26: reddoor.san.diego.happenings 12/26: reddoor.internet.news 12/26: reddoor.editorials 12/26: reddoor.advertising 12/26: 1975: 12/26: Simplicity@toPointB[dot]org 12/26: Icbleu 10/24: CrazySaddam.com 10/20: passepar2 blog 10/20: come ride my column 10/18: gleek words 10/15: split.personality 10/09: pinkified! 10/06: Conversations with Satan 10/04: kirk: blogger page New Blogs in Q4 2002 for San Diego Bloggers  We can do no great things; only small things with great love.  - Mother TheresaQuote of the Day January 1, 2003 will mark the 20th Anniversary of the Internet as we know it. What is TCP/IP?  TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) is the basic communication language or protocol of the Internet.  It can also be used as a communications protocol in a private network (either an intranet or an extranet).  When you are set up with direct access to the Internet, your computer is provided with a copy of the TCP/IP program just as every other computer that you may send messages to or get information from also has a copy of TCP/IP.  ... definition from TechTarget20th Anniversary of TCP/IP In March, from Gartner - Gartner Symposium / ITxpo:  Symposium/ITxpo 2003 is the single most valuable gathering of intelligence and advice. Calibrated for senior IT executives, Symposium/ITxpo is rich in content-both analyst-led strategy sessions focused on your most pressing issues and ITxpo, our interactive exhibit floor loaded with the latest technology solutions. Symposium / ITxpo San Diego I am a skeptic, ever after. And this article My Psychic Adventure by Kari Coleman details how one skeptical, non-psychic "fakes" it by simply paying attention to people - by paying attention to the facts that people reveal in any interaction. It's remarkable, and I think would be food for thought for any of your pals who buy into psychic nonsense. (via my roommate, missewon)People Can Learn To Cold Read = Psychics Are Not Real  I had no idea. SIGGRAPH 2003 / SAN DIEGO. I went in 1986 in Los Angeles and got very fired up about the internet and computer graphics. It was a force motivating me to get into the web. I'm excited that it's coming here to San Diego!SIGGRAPH 2003 - here in San Diego Hi Joe,  Hope you had a great trip to Utah.  Just for your info the birth of Jesus is in the Gospel of Matthew and Luke.  Ussally at Christmas they read from the Gospel of Luke Chapter 2 because it gives the full account of the good news.  He appeared to the shepherds first.  In those times shepherds were considered unclean and untrustworthy.  Shepherds may have been chosen because they represented all who needed cleansing.  Jesus was a king for all those humble enough to see their need for a Savior.  Jesus had a supernatural beginning which is a sign of his divinity.  He was human and divine.  Just thought you would like to know the truth.  Love you son, Mom :-)  Thanks so much for the clarification Mom! More on the trip to Utah soon...From My Mom... Those cats over at Lindows.com are relentless. David and Goliath, I tell ya. To whit:  Glass Panes and Software: Windows Name Is ChallengedLindows.com attacks Microsoft on the word "Windows" Pile of email. Lots to do. New Year's Day Approaches. Back From Utah  "Well, it's not really the right word, but freedom is kind of a hobby with me, and I have disposable income that I'll spend to find out how to get people more of it."  from Federal V.I.P. The above article seems sort of hopeful to me, actually. Though it takes a celebrity, I think, to get the attention of Federal Authorities. I wonder if, since I have a blog, a kind of miniature public platform, if I might have some role to play were something like this to happen to me. I'm overestimating the importance of this blog. But that's what the article made me think of first. In addition, of course, to the way human institutions are beholden to the peccadilloes of its employees.Penn Gillette. Patriot. Runny nose: check. Lower back ache: check. Headache: check. Sore throat: check. Tiredness/fatigue: check. Roommate: also sick. However: Cough: minimal. Appetite: okay. Environment: clean, hospitable. Girlfriend: brought me 7-Up last night. Roommate: also sick, but nice. Diagnosis: common flu. Prognosis &amp; outlook: With luck and TLC, I will be through this in a few days. Father's voice in my head: Ya shoulda got the flu shot, Joe. Sick! Problem 1: John "Convicted Felon" Poindexter runs it. For other problems, see: Act Three of Poindexter's Incredibly Shrinking Site: Still More! via Politechbot. The TIA office reminds me of the folks in George Orwell's 1984 who are responsible for continually rewriting history to suit the current regime's needs and enemies' lists. Luckily, on the internet, it is possible to track such shenanigans. I also think of how in (the also fictional) Wag The Dog, they are able to insert a song "Old Shoe" into the Library of Congress. I wonder how feasible it would be to simply generate a fact and insert it into history. You'd have to get access to all copies of resource texts and be very thorough. Lies are tricky things, yes? Total Information Awareness Office: P.R.Dummies I think I remember George Girton's name as a participant of the old Webmonster web design lists -- and he recognized my name from the Ryze Blogmap. Interesting, no? Even more interesting is that it's been several years since Webmonster was a going concern. They were some great, educational, fun discussion lists. George maintains a blog now, which I'll be checking out -- The Daily Channel.com. Remembered and Recognized Recycle Your Christmas Tree.Hey San Diego! Dori of BackupBrain described this blog as "excellent." Very kind. I think Dori might have had too much brandy in her eggnog, but I'll kindly thank her for the compliment. I'll also return the compliment by saying that I've been a consistent reader of the very excellent BackupBrain for a long damn time. It's at least two years, because I've been reading since before I blogged myself. Which will be two years next month.Whoa, A Compliment Lindows founder offered Xbox Linux $200,000 prize -- Michael Robertson, founder of the Lindows operating system, has offered two prizes of $100,000 to port Linux onto the Xbox, with and without hardware modifications.That Lindows Publicity Machine Never Sleeps  Manned spaceflight is a government monopoly - and has been one for over 40 years.  The marketplace has never been allowed to exist, and as a result, the dream of private tickets for a ride to orbit has all but died here in the US.  Two tickets have been purchased, much to the chagrin of the Federalies.  Both purchased rides in Russian spacecraft.  It is a darn shame that the only capitalists for manned space travel are former Soviets.  via IPInteresting Thought on Aerospace/Space TourismThis Ryze Blog Social network map is pretty interesting. Well, to me.But not to you. So the new year came yesterday. I spent it with Leah. We went and got lunch at a local Souplantation using the gift certificates Leah got for Christmas, and then we went and saw The Two Towers with the movie gift certificates I got for Christmas. We were an hour and a half early for the movie, but we passed the time like it was nothing by playing hangman and the dot game. It remains astonishing how easy it is to pass the time with Leah. There's a complete sense of calm in our interactions -- and even when we disagree or have conflicts it is suffused with a comfort level I have never known. We also found in our conversations that we agree completely about most homeopathic medicines and the placebo effect. The mind has a powerful effect on our health. We cannot depend on it to cure everything, but a positive attitude does wonders for health. I was a little surprised by our similarity, but I suppose it makes sense given that both of our fathers are physicians. We have heard tell, both of us, that most illnesses simply need to be endured, and that most of what are thought of as cures are simply palliative care to help us ride out the hard part of illness while our body does the work. That said, when you need to get, say, surgery, or that suspicious spot removed, you don't rely on your mind, you go to a pro.Soup and Salad and Movie and Health View it: Fly Guy via  San Diego Blog: Brianstorms)Genius Flash: Fly Guy So everyone I know or thereabouts has worked on a book. The latest is Rudy Limeback, who contributed to Practical Web Database Design. So so cool. Buy it! (or not, I've not seen it in person yet. But with Rudy on the team, I bet it's great.Everyone a Book Did more work today. More billable hours is good. I work so much better on-site than off it's scary. This must mean I'm destined for a full-time job. At least that's what I hope.Work This article: Can Bebe Stores Fashion a Comeback? about Bebe is worth a read, if you follow such things as women's apparel.  Bebe?s top priority is staging a return from casualwear to what it does best-?career and dressier clothing that resonate with stylish 20- to 30-year-olds. Bebe veered off course about two years ago when the denim business took off and it began moving away from the career category. ?That hurt them?their average transactions haven?t been as high,? said Liz Pierce, retail analyst at Wedbush Morgan Securities.  I find their ads great, as you know. (Thanks Aileen for the pointer!) Bebe News My Resum&eacute; has been updated. I welcome feedback and job offers. Thank you.Hire Me I actually have a lot to say. I have some new opportunities. I have some new challenges. Money is tight, but there is work. This is good. I went to a liquor store I used to go to near my former employer. The clerk recognized me and asked me if I'd lost weight, because I looked great. I replied, "yeah, I lost 85 pounds or so" -- he of course asked me how I did it, and the simplest reply I could think of while I paid for my 7-Up was -- "well, I lost my wife and my job, the weight came off easy." He said, "well, maybe it was good for you!" I suppose he's right. In negative news, Monday I got a parking ticket. I lost track of time working an on-site gig. Dumb. I usually set a beeping timer. This time I set a stopwatch instead. But a stopwatch won't warn you like a countdown timer will. Ugh. Just $25 though. Could have been much worse. The good news is that I did paying work Monday and Tuesday as well. This is scattered, but c'est la vie. I'm tired. Lots happening. I hope I can juggle it all and stay afloat. Creditors will have to stay in limbo for a while. Adventures abound, as usual. On word.Tired Boy Says: Sleep! Form action mailto: stinks was updated to include Safari, Mozilla, and Chimera. Mailto: form actions still stink.Mailto: Stinks So a new Mac web browser came out today. Lots of folks are talking. Great stuff. Here's my small contribution.  Because Safari is a Cocoa application, it can take advantage of Mac OS X services. One of these is speech. If you highlight text on a web page in Safari, you can have your Mac read it to you. You simply choose:  Safari &gt; Services &gt; Speech &gt; Start Speaking Text  MSIE and Mozilla cannot do this. Another thing having Services enabled gets you is the ability to directly access the Mac OS summary service. For long articles, it works pretty well. That service menu location is at:  Safari &gt; Services &gt; Summarize  That's going to work great for long-winded bloggers or very long articles I'd want to read but  don't have the time for otherwise. Clever folks will realize you can do a summary first, then have your Mac read it to you.Safari, Services, Speech, Summarize William Gibson now has a blog. This makes me remarkably happy. And he's already talking about Pattern Recognition. And Bruce Sterling has been blogging for a while. If Neal Stephenson started blogging all three of my favorite writers (all three cyberpunks) would have blogs. Maybe it is the future.William Gibson, Blogging! Working Class Hero Penn (which I blogged about the other day)Penn, Airport Patriot Followup: This GBN Global Perspectives by Gwynne Dyer is really worth a read. It's from our neighbors to the north, Canada. Very thorough and rather evenhanded.Year in Review I like that cat Bill Rini. I really like his 5 Tips For Independent Contractors. The Cliff's Notes version below (click "more..." below to read all the gory details).  Never take on a client who has fired more than one previous contractor to do the same job. more... Never agree to do any work that is outside the scope of your agreement. more... Bill in 1/4 payments. more... Never discount your rates for a new client in the hopes of getting future business down the road at full rate. more... Never let the client take critical processes out of the contract in order to save money. more...  5 Tips for Independent Contractors The Cover Problem is really The Negro Problem doing covers. This article in the LA Times talks about them covering Saturday Night Fever -- the whole album -- live. I'd have loved to have seen it. I think Stew and those kids have a lot of fun.The Cover Problem So this weekend was nice. I lost three straight games at racquetball Saturday morning. But I played gosh darnit. Yay me! More changes in the apartment over the weekend. Erin and I have made a lot of changes to the layout, kitchen, living room. more things to go to goodwill, and AmVets is coming tomorrow. It's really cool. Last week I took her to Ikea, and she got some really cool stuff. I'm really liking this roommate thing. Erin's a great friend. Even though maybe I got this cold from her. Tee hee. Yesterday Leah and I were hanging out. On a strange impulse I told her to hop on my back -- your standard piggy-back ride. But you see, Leah and I are sort of large people at the moment. "Works in progress" I like to say, since we've both lost weight in these past few months. Anyway, It was kinda cool. As it turns out, I'm rather strong, and maybe off my rocker, and I spun around a few times, making her very nervous and half laughing/half pleading for me to stop. I felt 13 years old and it was great. Kids, don't try this at home. Yesterday I spent several hours trying to get Leah's Gateway computer back working. The OS restoration was going good, then it was hosed. Maybe I'll just put Linux on the damn thing. It doesn't seem to want to take Windows onto it, despite my roughhousing it. That's a project for next weekend though. I learned yesterday that sometimes when you're talking about one thing, you're really talking about another. You think you're discussing the weather, then an anger or a negative feeling comes out in a strange way. You may not even be conscious of it. Luckily, if the person you're talking to is smart, and inquisitive, and you are the same, you can examine what the conversation was really about. Saturday night L. made tater tots for us while we watched a movie. That was really cool for some reason. Okay, a few more links, and I have workish stuff to do. Onward! Weekend Over Still sick. But slightly better. Lots of phlegm coming up. Keep those nasopharyngeal secretions coming! Gonna sweat it out at racquetball. Later, some rest. Next week - some freelance and other stuff happening. Hope your weekend is rad. and.... Onward!Personal You may not realize it, but most of us are still computing with 32bit Machines. Here's an interesting story on how Intel may get whupped by AMD in the quest to get 64bit machines working and deployed. And there is of course, a big Microsoft angle.64bit Computing The Desktop Linux Summit San Diego, California -- February 20-21, 2003. Know anyone who is considering Linux? Reads like a great little conference.Desktop Linux Summit in San Diego Pretty concise precis of the state of comics business in the USA. From The Comics Journal'a own weblog, Journalista!Comics Business Brief It's old, but I rather like this Bill Gates mugshot. There are many more celeb mugshots for the morbidly curious.Gates Mug! Matt of LAMPHost has made his own short url service -- http://urlgo.net/. Cool!URLGo.net My friend Steve E passed me this link to the NYTimes review of the new William Gibson novel.(Thanks Steve!)Gibson Review Woke up this mornin' tired. Stuff to do. Gotta do it. Hope you all have a great day!Yo. This is a peculiar bug: JavaScript Tip: Avoid An IE Rollover Bug Browsers are still not that great, are they?MSIE Rollover Caching Bug This is the most poignant post on the Lessig affair. Go read more about it on eldred.ccLessig Loses Copyright Case So I just had an interview with a recruiter. It went well, very professional. I did take some standardized tests though. I did very well on two of them, one was on ColdFusion and one was on ColdFusion Scripting (yes, a subtle difference) and I got better than 85% on each (a B in my book). I'm rather happy with that result, as I've not written any ColdFusion professionally in half a year. The gig for which I am applying (well, two, possibly) are both jobs requiring ColdFusion, so that result is good. And now, the bad news: I also took a SQL Server 2000 Developer test. This one, I stunk at. I got 16% correct on that one. It covered more ins and outs of SQL Server database creation. Triggers, stored procedures, integrity constraints, and the like. These are thing I have a vague awareness of, but have never touched myself. The Lesson To be a web developer, one needs only the most basic of knowledge of how a database works in the backend. Most of the production of database backed websites is simply SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE statements in SQL. More than that, at least for me, who has been been developing database-backed websites for several years now (see Resume), I have simply had no need to delve any deeper. It makes me want to know a bit more, though given my skills, I'm not sure how much more competent it will make me. But as always, I love learning new stuff. I'm away from home, so this is being posted from the friendly neighborhood Kinko's. Oh, and in addition to the 16%, the recruiting firm didn't validate parking. Feh. The upside is obvious though, I may be getting one or both of these ColdFusion gigs! Huzzah! Next up tonight, Racquetball. ONWARD! Standardized Testing for Web Geeks, Good News, Bad News SDACM is using part of my review of their meeting featuring the Rocks Toolkit from last month. Nice! Also, I'm going to their meeting on Thursday. Should be cool.Referred to! Both email addresses for job applications with Miva (a local web technology company) bounce as unrecognized. That's hr(at)miva.com and resumes(at)miva.com. It's a bummer that they bounce! I'll try support and webmaster next. Sigh.Hey Miva!  "Star Trek" fistfight music Evocative Phrase (got this from Will himself) Announcing JFEST II @ The Scottish Rite Center in Mission Valley! This coming Saturday Jan. 18, 2003 - 5:30PM-2AM at The Scottish Rite Center This festival will range from Folk Music to Rock & Pop and includes many of San Diego's favorite local artists & performers.  Including:  Jason & Jane The Bitty Bums Will Edwards Cheeky Monkey Saba Scot Taber Magnuson Syk Dr. Lacubrious The Enchanted Bushwalla Christy Bruneau  Tickets are on pre-sale until Thursday for $10 and can be purchased from Will Edwards. Tickets will ALSO be on sale this Thursday night @ Twiggs Tea and Coffee in University Heights (4590 Park Boulevard, corner of Park at Madison, San Diego, California 92116).JFEST II @ The Scottish Rite Center in Mission Valley had more leftover enchiladas. they were good. over and out.Important Newsflash F*** Hip Hop: A Eulogy to Hip Hop by Pierre Bennu is an essay that got a lot of play on the nettime mailing list in the past month. It's obvious of course, but it needs to be said, Hip Hop has grown old and useless as a vibrant voice. It's simply a tool to sell more Sprite and clothes. Not a revelation, but something that needs saying. And yes, sorry about the language today.Offensiveness TodayCustomer-owned Networks: ZapMail and the Telecommunications Industry is another great essay by Clay Shirky, one of many links on the side of this blog.More Clay Shirky The Blind Watchmaker was recommended to me by Madhu.The Blind Watchmaker Religions (or lack thereof) cast in a very specific and irreverent metaphor.Guaranteed to Offend Someone So James "Kibo" Parry has unveiled an interesting development in educational toys and South Park. In his alt.religion.kibology post of January 3rd "It's official. Now I hate 'South Park'" he writes:  DAMN YOU, "SOUTH PARK"!  YOUR OPEN MOCKERY OF THAT EVIL PUPPET HAS GIVEN THEM THE IDEA TO START SELLING IT AGAIN TO PURGE THE JOY FROM A NEW GENERATION OF CHILDREN!  And here's the link he gives: High Hat is back!. I've put the pieces together in this graphic:  Incontrovertible evidence, true believers!High Hat and Mr. Hat: Separated At Birth The Open Web Application Security ProjectTop 10 Vulnerabilities in Web Applications May we all have luck kicking the bad habits we scarcely understand.Benediction A belated Happy Birthday to Leah! for whom I made some enchiladas (based on my Mom's great recipe) which she really liked.Happy Birthday Leah! I got an email tonight that made my day:  I am asking my 10th grade English students to write an essay about Wordsworth's poem.  Your poem captured its essence and I plan to share your words (with due credit) with them. Thanks. Tom  I'm overwhelmed. This was in regards to my piece Two Ships in the Words area. Thanks Tom! Wow, I'm Being Taught In At Least One Classroom  Apple's Official Page: Safari David Hyatt, Safari developer Safari Review Why are Safari and Sherlock two different applications? "Like Gecko," We Hope Thoughts on Apple's new browser, Safari Zeldman on Safari Safari, Speech, Summarize Safari: First Look: Safari Information for Web Designers Initial Reactions to Safari Greetings from the Safari team at Apple Computer Apple Announces New "Safari" Browser (on kde.org) Apple Public Source: WebCore Apple's Changes to KHTML and KJS Macintouch: Safari: Reader Reports AppleScripts for Safari Apple's Safari goes on the Browser War hunt Safari Reading List From NBC San Diego: More Than 100 Arrested In Gaslamp Quarter: Crowds Generally Well-Behaved, Police Say San Diego police arrested 109 people for various offenses at Super Bowl-related activities.... On the whole, (Officer) Hassen said, the crowds gathered to take in the pre-show festivities have been well-behaved.  I'm glad I was wrong. I think this means that the number of police deployed to the Gaslamp Quarter was impressive. I wonder how different the numbers of cops assigned to the Gaslamp for the Superbowl differs from any random Saturday night? I suppose those aren't public numbers though. And you're asking about how I felt about the Super Bowl? I thought the Matrix commercials rocked. My Super Bowl Prediction: IncorrectSo back on Thursday I couldn't get parking in the Gaslamp Quarter, right? Right.

Madness. That was only Thursday.

Yesterday after a great BBQ with friends old and new we went and saw the Largest Fireworks Show in San Diego History - from Point Loma. I didn't take pictures, but it was tres impressive. But lots and lots and lots and lots of traffic was to be had. And we weren't even in a particularly great spot.

The city is hemmed in by madness. The game will be on soon. I have one prediction, and I state it publicly so I can say, well, I told ya so -- but I REALLY hope I'm wrong:

There will be violent, ugly riots in the Gaslamp Quarter following the game. The area is too dense, and there are too many hopped up, aggro football fans in town.

So we'll see.

Like I said, I hope I'm wrong.Super Bowl Prediction This is an appalling story of (alleged) mismanagement and malfeasance. Wow.What happened to the HTML Writer's Guild? Check out Internet Health Report...  The Internet Health Report delivers data about network performance (latency) between major United States Internet backbones.  The measurement agents selected for the Internet Health Report have direct, single homed connections to a backbone so their connectivity is unambiguous. Each measurement agent connects to every other agent every 15 minutes and measures the latency (delay) of establishing a TCP connection across the Internet The resulting data in the Internet Health Report provides a logical performance map of the Internet. The Internet Health Report matrix is updated every 15 minutes. Any time the delay between two networks exceeds a threshold, a color coded alert indicates the level of the performance problem. Users can drill down to see specifically where the delays are occurring by clicking on any of the color coded boxes in the display. The numbers in the display represent latency between networks in milliseconds. The total in each box is the geometric mean of all the data points collected between the networks during the specified interval.  (Thanks Kynn!)Internet Health Report The Digital Militarized Zone is back online at dmz.rini.org. Go DMZ! (Very silly)DMZ is back! I want to tell you all about the exciting yesterday: featuring an adventure driving downtown, a parking lot attendant, a great job  interview, a great lunch, progress on an ASP project, a beer, and seeing my girlfriend. But not today. Today I'm going to have lunch with said girlfriend and maybe a movie. And later, BBQ. It's a lovely day. I'm outta here! Onward!!!!But Not Today I added a new lab item today: iTunes Error: The iTunes Music Library file cannot be read because it does not appear to be a valid library file. I hope it proves to be of use to people.New Lab Item: iTunes & XML This is some great Beck - performing and talking.  Requires RealAudio Player.  via RRE Beck Audio/Video Recently, Steven Champeon pointed out Russ Alberry's Rant to me, and it's a pretty great rant about public forums and the attendent problems and responsibilities. Usenet Rant Amazon has a page devoted to software products which include rebates. As of this writing, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring video game is free when you factor in the rebate.Amazon Software Rebates  "Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan 'press on' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race."  - Calvin Coolidge This is particularly apt for me, as I am currently seeking employment. I have an interview Friday morning (today). I'm hopeful it will go well. We shall see. Onward.Quote of The Day, via InformationWeek I tried to go the presentation "Designing in the Age of Experience" at  The AIGA Center For Design downtown tonight. Unfortunately, Super Bowl madness has set in and there was no parking to be had within about a 10 block radius. I was simply too tired to fight with the massive amount of traffic in the Gaslamp tonight. I shudder to think at how it's going to be in the next few days. I mean, this was just Thursday. Next up are Friday and Saturday. It seems like madness to me.Shut out of AIGA (aka) Not determined enough to fight with parking downtown Go read Mixerman's anonymous diary. It's a wonderful use of the web. I've read the first 8 weeks worth and laughed out loud several times. Amazing, appalling, and entertaining stuff. But a warning: there's plenty of salty language. But it reads like truth. Check it: Mixerman's Diary Week 1 Mixerman's Diary Week 2 Mixerman's Diary Week 3 Mixerman's Diary Week 4 Mixerman's Diary Week 5 Mixerman's Diary Week 6 Mixerman's Diary Week 7 Mixerman's Diary Week 8 Wonderful, Scatalogical, Vulgar, Funny, Diary of a Music Business Mixer So I'm doing some development - in ASP (but that doesn't matter, could be anything). Things I love about Mozilla today for web development (using 1.21 on Windows 2000 Server):   the installer lets me only put in a browser if I want (since it's for testing, who needs a mail client?)  the JavaScript debugger is a godsend for checking my JavaScript for validity. Yesterday I mis-typed the enctype for uploads and a warning about that was in there. Nice! (Tools &gt; Web Development &gt; JavaScript Console)  The cookies manager is GREAT for doing anything where the look of the page is permissions based. One can easily delete a cookie, and set the browser to warn you of all new cookies, so you can really keep track of what's happening in your app. (Edit &gt; Preferences &gt; Privacy &amp; Security &gt; Cookies &gt; Manage Stored Cookies)  I can set it to stop popunders so I can research with no worries of untoward stuff showing up.  I can always see the error messages of sites - (as opposed to Windows MSIE, where it conveniently "hides" error messages from me.   If you've not taken Mozilla for a spin, you're missing out. Why I Like Mozilla Today I've been busy lately. My last two posts have been about dead cartoonists. That's a bit depressing. Suffice to say I've been busy. In the meantime, go read Defective Yeti. That guy's funny. More this weekend. I promise!A Busy Boy Rudy passes along that Bill Maudlin passed away.  Expect the excellent The Comics Journal blog, Journalista to have something pertinent on them soon. Thanks Rudy!Bill Maudlin Dies Al Hirschfeld was a great cartoonist, and he will be missed. What a draughtsman!Al Hirschfeld, Dead at 99 Very cool quote from Dana Blankenhorn of a-clue.com:  I don't know if Rosen knows this. I don't know that Rosen cares. But it's clear that RIAA is becoming increasingly frustrated with what appears to be an unannounced, unsponsored, unorganized, unsupervised, grassroots yet surprisingly effective economic boycott of a huge industry, namely musical recording. Well Stated on the Music Biz I don't care for Winnie The Pooh, but the story The Curse of Pooh is quite interesting.Pooh and Copyright So today started with racquetball with my Aunt. As per usual, we had wonderful games. After that I did some "financial" errands which needed doing, and went well. That was vague, but had to be. The truth is that finances are a bit sketchy for me at the moment, but I have a line on several full time jobs. The further truth, that I've been hesitant to reveal here, is that I'm on unemployment. This is rather humiliating, but necessary. I've decided that freelance is something I've not done as well as I would like. I'm eager to be "the web expert" somewhere - either the sole web person, or as part of a team. Luckily, I do have a line on several gigs. I like that word, "gig" -- it makes me feel like a musician. I think I was trying to change the subject there. I feel a bit down about the job thing. My Mother points out to me that the best will happen, and she is praying for me. My family here in town also have been amazingly supportive. They ask how I am, if I need help. I appreciate their concern, and know they are a safety net if things get too troublesome. As it is I'm trying to go it alone -- to feel what it feels like to be broke -- I think I view it as a disincentive to ever be broke again. And oh, the State of California is certainly helping as well. Tonight I had dinner with Leah. I made these little steaks Erin had, and L. made baked potatoes, and we had some green beans and a little salad. After I made some oatmeal chocolate chip cookies. They turned out well. It's great to "break bread" with someone you care about. About Leah: I mentioned that I've met some of Leah's brothers and sisters. Apparently one of her brothers described meeting me to the rest of the family -- and said I was a "real person." I was not sure how to take that, but Leah explained that it means I'm not "fake" and don't put on airs. So I'm accepting it as a compliment. Sunday will be a lazy day -- a take-it-easy day with Leah -- and possibly doing some laundry. Monday I have to schedule an interview for later in the week. I'm excited, it seems like a good fit for me. That said, if you want to hire me please take a look at Mr. Resume. And I have other important errands as well on Monday. I'm going to help another Aunt and my cousin get their home network working. I'll be doing this with my Uncle. That should be fun. I'm going to leave this with a bit of nuttiness -- the lyrics to a They Might Be Giants -- "song"... called "Kitten Intro"  There's something coming. There's a new car on the horizon. It's coming very slowly. It makes a noise. It has kittens painted all over it. With a new kind of fur. Cleaner, but with a unique smell. Yet, one of these kittens is not prepared to have a good time. It stands alone. Away from the crowd. It's your kind of kitten. Now the time has come to climb into that car and to shake the paw of destiny.  ... and ... o n w a r d.Baby Spinach and Oatmeal Chocolate Chip I still have not learned to fight scope-creep.Duh Someone on the WebSanDiego.org List said something very like what this article -- City Ogles Google Impact: The city of San Diego's search appliance left employees and citizens hanging. Then it turned to Google has to say. The essence was this -- "Why bother with site architecture and information design? All you have to do is put all your documents up and then let Google search them and bam, there's your navigational scheme." With a technology like google, information design becomes secondary. People only want to find what they're looking for. Google is proven in this regard. A quote:  "The city had been running an older original-equipment-manufacturer version of Verity Inc.'s information-retrieval software, and it wasn't getting the results it needed, either for its citizens or its employees. For instance, the public would get no results when it entered the word "maps" when looking for directions to city facilities, and employees had little success with terms such as "GroupWise" (the Novell E-mail software used by city workers) and "E-Pay" (a tool that provides intranet access to direct-deposit check stubs). When the city asked Verity how to solve the problem, the vendor suggested an upgrade to its K2 knowledge-management suite, as well as a taxonomy engine."  (via http://boingboing.net ) Google Actually Works. Other Search Technologies, Don't. Jimmy Webb and Jimmy Dale Gilmore.Songwriters I want to Investigate: Scoble picks up the Kynn/HWG/Navarro story.Kynn In The News Just got this email from Ronny Vardy...  GALAXY GALLERY Is proud to present paintings and new illustrations by Ronny. Saturday, Feb 1st.   From 8 p.m. till whenever. Galaxy Gallery known as the smokers universe and also home the the Chronic cafe, has a real Amsterdam coffee house feel to it.  Other than their amazing atmosphere and  "bitchen" coffee, you can also enjoy smoking a hooka in different flavors like: apple, pineapple, cherry, mint and so on. The galaxy is located at 7224 Melrose Ave.  3 blocks West of La Brea in Hollywood. Tel # is 323 938 6500, To reach me my # is 323 630 2387. Booze and D.J's Hope to see you there.  See also my Ronny Vardy FansiteRonny Vardy Art Show Caleb Clark, a very nice fellow, has written up a Sundance Film Festival Report that's worth your time.Sundance Review Matt Pitcher notified me that the Union-Tribune will run an article about San Diego bloggers this Monday. Nobody asked me. Though the San Diego Bloggers page will be 1 year on Saturday. I wonder why I didn't get an email?  Maybe I'm "tired" and no longer "wired." Article about San Diego blogs in the Union Tribune Upcoming A good one. Read it:  Far from an anomaly, Venezuela is a classic example of that economists call the 'natural resource curse.'  A 1995 analysis of developing countries by Jeffrey Sachs and Andrew Warner found that the more an economy relies on mineral wealth, the lower its growth rate.  Venezuela isn't poor despite its oil riches -- it's poor because of them." (((Read it 'n' weep.  This Sachs-Warner thing is 8 years old.  Ever heard of it before? Me neither.))) http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=225459 "How could that be?  For the same reason so many entertainers go bankrupt. (((Hey, at least we make people laugh, fella.)))  Showered with sudden windfalls, governments start spending like rock stars, creating programs that are hard to undo when oil prices fall.  And because nobody wants to pay taxes to a government that's swimming in petrodollars -- 'In Venezuela only the stupid pay taxes,' a former President once said -- the state finds itself living beyond its means.  (((Boy, irresponsible deficits like that would never happen in America.  Rich people get no tax breaks, either.)))  Ouch.Viridian Note: Venezuela's Curse I just made a new header out of some of my old Amiga images - the Katakana script says "Crawford" more or less. Back when Japan was my obsession. The sheep I found in some old Amiga clip art. I added the jet pack myself. The font that says "ARTLUNG" is based on a typography sample I did in DPaint when  I was 18 years old. So you're seeing a 14 year old pixel font from my Amiga days. You could say I'm kicking it old school. But maybe you shouldn't. It was really fun to do, moving all those individual pixels around. I love the colors too. Oh yeah, the other headline. Got a new job. Something full time. Something to help get my cashflow on a stable basis. I start Monday at 8am. Whoosh! I'm giddy with joy, which is probably why I made a header today. on.ward New Header... and  I Got A New Job MAS says, in his great curmudgeonly journal:  You can lead a database administrator to a security patch , but you can not make him install. Between my job, INeedCoffee, and home I've got nine SQL Server 2000 installations.  All of them have the latest Service Packs installed.  Staying current with service packs for licensed programs isn't rocket science. MAS on Slammer, The SQL Server Worm  01/03/2003: lifestudent.com 01/06/2003: Sector 7-G 01/09/2003: The Fishing Caper 01/14/2003: jason and jane 01/16/2003: House of MirAGe 01/17/2003: Global Error Log 01/24/2003: Jianda.net 01/24/2003: Adam Bishop 01/24/2003: Beware the Edge 01/24/2003: Sugar Mama PR Journal 01/26/2003: ArchaeologyOnline Blog 01/26/2003: MuseumGuru Blog 01/27/2003: Casual Reflection  San Diego Bloggers continues to be a fun side project for me. It'll turn 1 year old on February 1st. It's not much of a community, sadly. Blog meetup has really fizzled, and theoretically I'd be a good organizer for that, but it's really not happened. Lots of cool blogs though. Check em!Latest San Diego Bloggers Dave Barry, National Treasure, has a new blog. The obvious line: I swear I'm not making this up.Dave Barry, Blogger ...but only in Oakland.  More than 50 blocks of International had stretches of virtually lawless zones nearly three hours after the Super Bowl. At least 12 cars were set on fire, many windows were smashed, some businesses were broken into and looted, bus benches were pushed over and street signs ripped down as police battled bottle-throwing rioters with tear gas, rubber bullets and flash-stun grenades.  I guess the mayhem is not on the takeout menu for the Raiders fans.Maybe My Prediction Was RightSo I wrote the other day about missing the AIGA Experience Design meeting -- well, I got a note back from one of the organizers:

You're not the only one who got lost in the traffic mess.

Our next event big event is slated for March 27th so mark your calendar. We will probably be having a smaller group meeting in February, so I'll add your name to the list.

If at once you don't succeed...AIGA: Experience Design: San Diego: Update Lindows.com summary judgment motion dismissed -- yeah, I'm still watching Lindows with interest.Lindows Trademark Case Going To Court So my roommate is a packrat. Today she took out some copies of the LA Free Press and we were perusing the stories, ads, and classifieds. One of the papers, dated June 16-22, 1967, included the following ad:  Tall rugged young man needs money. Anything Legal. Danger OK. Occupant. Box 371 Pasadena, Calif, 91102  "Anything Legal. Danger OK." is my new motto.Anything Legal. Danger OK.Matthew Lee says about my post about the City of San Diego and Google:

I think Don Norman said something like: "Even the term 'navigation' is pretentious--it assumes that people aren't going to be able to find what they want without looking for it" Google rules, as far as I'm concerned google is the bar, and eventually the whole net will need to rise to it - Google is decentralized, networked information sharing. Once people become accustomed to finding exactly what they want, the dynamic of the web shifts from browsing 'home pages' and 'Web Sites' to just 'getting information'- and that's the kind of transparency that will allow the web to really become pervasive in day-to-day life. Feedback on Google From Sassy Space Shuttle Lost:  The space shuttle Columbia has broken up in the skies over Texas. Its crew of seven astronauts had no chance of survival. Mission control lost contact with the shuttle around 9 a.m. EST (1400 GMT), about 16 minutes before its planned touchdown in Florida. Emergency proceedures are in effect and search and rescue teams have been alerted in the north and east areas of Texas, where any debris might have fallen. More on Columbia Another Shuttle Loss. Terrible day.Aigh So I feel much better about things. Thursday night I let my temper get the best of me. As it turns out, I'm not a placid, perfect, serene and sublime person all the time. Thing is though, I immediately recognized my jerkiness as such. The folks affected steered clear, and I went through pain figuring out what to do about it. So. I took some time. I collected myself. I apologized. I got a good night's sleep. And I felt better. Anyway, it was a valuable lesson. On the job front, I start work on Wednesday instead of Monday. The new gig is getting me a spanking new PC to work on, so that's quite nice. I'm looking forward to it. The job is in downtown San Diego, in a high-rise. Parking would be prohibitively expensive, so I'm going to opt for taking the bus. I'll get a bus pass next week and voila! In yet other professional news, I had a bit of unhappiness on a freelance project, but it's all sorted out. I think I need to start being smarter about how I bill for things. Fixed bid or Hourly sums up the problem well: "Would someone ask a construction firm to bid on a building with no floor plans?" -- and I think I'm too generous when the floor plans are not exactly fully drafted. I suppose that's really it for now. I woke early for some reason, but will head back to bed now. In a few hours, racquetball. Speaking of which, there will be some Racquetball on ESPN - the Choice US Open - on Friday, February 14, 2003, and actually it's on ESPN2.  Racquetball is a niche sport, and rarely on TV. I'll be taping that puppy. It's kind of sad that Racquetball is so marginal. Check this article: Where's My Racquetball Channel This post sure is meandering. In other news, Ross Mayfield sends  a new version of the Blogmaps using January data Oh, and two great uses of Macromedia Flash - a faux sim called Gulf War 2 and the Linux/Supervillain Switch Ad. The first actually sort of teaches you things, and the second is funny. Alright, back to bed.Better I have so much to say. And say it I must. Wow. It's late too. Will our hero say all he can? Who knows. Stay tuned.Ouch!I've made a bunch of changes to San Diego Bloggers -- I'm putting together a php/mysql database to help me manage those links easier. It's really cool, and really geeky. Also, the story from the other day got mentioned, along with SD Bloggers over at the very cool Blogroots.Geeking Out - More Changes To San Diego Bloggers Here's a brief update:  My new job is going well. My car is more on the fritz, this is bad. But luckily, in my new job I've been taking the bus to work! Over the weekend L. and I snuck Rubio's into a movie. That movie was Shanghai Knights. Shanghai Knights could not possibly be more historically inaccurate. Shanghai Knights is a whole lot of fun. I'm getting immersion in new features in ColdFusion MX. Friday when I faxed my timesheet to the contracting company, it didn't go through. Monday when it got faxed, it worked. And the company has a nice automated service line I can check my hours and paycheck information with. Nice! I enjoy walking around downtown on my lunch hour! I rode The Coaster the other day, but I did it wrong and got hassled by the man. Luckily, I know the rules now. They're silly and complicated and their vending machine is no help. I've been enjoying Cherry Coke lately. I like playing UNO with Leah. The WebSanDiego.org Links page is doing great with some help from Anita. I'm about to get my last unemployment check for a long while (hopefully forever?) I am sporting a soul patch these days. Current project I'm helping with: SoLongLandLord.us My hair is getting long, and Leah's roommate assures me I can use his Flow-Bee. I am not sure whether to be gratified or fearful. Perhaps "both" is the best answer.  Thank You! And Good Night! Schnikes! No Blogging In Several Days!  Legion Interviews  Mike Chapman of HomeStarRunner.Com Interview with Mike and Matt Chapman, creators of Homestarrunner.com on RunDevilRun The Creators of Homestar Runner, The Brothers Chapman by Michael Coyle Ultimate HomeStarRunner E-Commerce! fhqwhgads, a Homestar Runner Community! The definition of fhqwhgads HomeStarRunner Store! Homestar Runner Breaks from the Pack by James Norton Homestar Runner, we love you from Columbia Chronicle ... and of course HomeStarRunner.com!!! HomeStarRunner Jamboree!  Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote.  - Benjamin FranklinI wish I had a source for this quote, but I like it...  Bruce Sterling, Tomorrow Now: Envisioning the Next -  a review Wonderful Bruce Sterling Rant Mitnick Surfs The Web, finally -- "When I went away, there was no such thing. I had rigged a special modem to keep me ahead of the feds during the years I was a fugitive. Most of the time I was connecting at 300 baud" William Gibson Interview Some Cyberpunk Stuff  SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT FROM VOICEACTING.COM: The cast of "The Simpsons" on "Inside the Actor's Studio" Sunday, February 9, 2003 - Bravo TV (cable) - 8/7pm In anticipation of the 200th episode of "The Simpsons", James Lipton of Bravo's "Inside The Actor's Studio" sits down with the ensemble of actors behind the voices: Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria, and Harry Shearer. This program will be a "must-see" for anyone interested in voice-acting. For more information, visit the Bravo TV website at http://www.bravotv.com/.  (from my pal and roommate, Ewon, Thanks E!) Simpsons! Bravo! I've had a delightful time watching WebSanDiego.org San Diego User-Provided Web Links evolve over the last few days. Great technical links from lots of technical people.San Diego Links! But feelin' good. G'morning! Tired And yes, it's time to go to work now! Or at least time for a shower and time to get my act together. Tonight I'm going to the SDMMUG meeting -- Click here for more information. If you're there, say hi!Early to Work, Meeting Tonight Scientist invents Harry Potter invisibility cloak got posted to a mailing list I'm on. My response was:  Harry Potter my ass. That's a Panther Moderns Chameleon Suit!  &lt;tidbit src="Neuromancer" author="William Gibson" pubdate="1984"&gt;  "Go," he said. The Hosaka had accessed its array of libraries, journals, and news services. The precis began with a long hold on a color still that Case at first assumed was a collage of some kind, a boy's face snipped from another image and glued to a photograph of a paint-scrawled wall. Dark eyes, epicanthic folds obviously the result of surgery, an angry dusting of acne across pale narrow cheeks. The Hosaka released the freeze; the boy moved, flowing with the sinister grace of a mime pretending to be a jungle predator. His body was nearly invisible, an abstract pattern approximating the scribbled brickwork sliding smoothly across his tight one piece. Mimetic polycarbon.  &lt;/tidbit&gt;  And here and now it is slowly coming to pass. Welcome to the future. Harry Potter? No, Panther Moderns! New gig rocked. Cold Fusion. Stored Procedures. Application.cfm. Dreamweaver MX. SQL Server Enterprise Manager. Windows 2000 Professional. Nice people. Downtown San Diego. Walking distance of the Bay. Bought a Bus Pass. Got a hot dog at Horton Plaza. CFAdministrator. Development &gt; Staging &gt; Production. Windows Permissions Errors (always fun!). It's a good gig. I'm honestly not sure I really want to say the name of the company here at this point. Google reads this blog too much, and a search for their domain wil probably turn me up in a search for the company if I mention it here. So for now I'll not say. You can email me if you really want to hear where it is, but in the meantime I'm keeping it in stealth mode for now. So. Cool. Upshot, I can now pay some bills which are hideously in arrears and probably killing my credit report as we speak. I'm still in debt, but this is going to be cashflow I really need to survive. Onward.Home Jenny (yes that Jennifer) sent me a great link: THE ROCK FAMILY AFFAIR: Frank Zappa. Thanks Jenny!Zappa and Family I start the new gig today. Wish me luck.New Gig Check this out -- A penny for your blogs -- which mentions prominently my hand-maintained site San Diego Bloggers, as well as several local sites: Matt Pitcher is quoted, though his url is not, and there are mentions of: Photogeek.org, Horologium.net, The Fishing Caper, CrazySaddam.com, USS Clueless, and Scott Koenig. Sure wish I'd gotten mentioned. But I must say, it's nice to have my site used so prominently as a resource for a U-T story.San Diego Bloggers in the San Diego Union-Tribune Hm. I keep not blogging personal stuff. But I will I promise - things are positive and good. In the meantime... here are San Diego Bloggers page, in order of addition more or less. Links with + have badges Links with - have sidelinks or link pages San Diego Bloggers is now a year old.   Approximately2002/02/012002/04/01 airshare.org - ArtLung + Barbarella's Pillow Talk Kneeding + confessions of a 19-year-old spinster ChickenPie + SearchGuru dandressel.net USS Clueless depression is a muse Catch My Curiousity's LJ lura.net/weblog - Captured. Perspectivist Connections Vince Outlaw's Radio Weblog + sashimi girl + Shan's LiveJournal How Do You Feel? + who is JeR? captain kaya celery club - CriticalMAS - Culture Builders egomaniac.nu - electric bugaloo + freedexter.com - iAmCami Jon Sullivan Chelsea and the Fat Cop lipstick stains/peppermint sticks livejournal for dylan Jeff's Lounge Spot - love, erica Matt Pitcher - a photogeek's weblog Chronicle Corvidae ReachAround + Bryan's Update Yeah, Totally - zeowads   2002/04/02 EdGames SunFlowerGurl.org   2002/04/07 anachronic   2002/04/11 egbdf.info +   2002/04/20 pleonasm   2002/05/31 Kyrwyn's Rants   2002/06/07 ThenWhen   2002/06/12 Debbie Does Drivel   2002/07/03 the world according to bill penguinspeak   2002/07/10 blue monster HybridEmotion   2002/07/15 aucella.net The Hsu Box -   2002/07/25 Odd Man Out Under My Skin +   2002/07/29 Horologium   2002/08/05 A Still Verdictless Life   2002/08/07 in my mind's zen garden Ron's Ramblings   2002/08/19 One-Trick CyberPony   2002/08/20 katerhealy   2002/08/22 romandiaz.com -   2002/08/27 jason.evans.online +   2002/09/10 Howling Point + Joanie +   2002/09/27 brianstorms nettle   2002/09/30 rich acello   2002/10/15 split.personality   2002/10/18 gleek words   2002/10/20 come ride my column + passepar2 blog -   2002/10/24 CrazySaddam.com +   2002/12/26 toPointB.org - Icbleu + 1975: reddoor.advertising reddoor.editorials reddoor.internet.news reddoor.san.diego.happenings reddoor.technology.news reddoor.wireless.news   2002/12/29 Monkeys In My Pants +   2002/12/31 B RICH +   2003/01/03 lifestudent.com   2003/01/06 Sector 7-G   2003/01/09 The Fishing Caper   2003/01/14 jason and jane   2003/01/16 House of MirAGe +   2003/01/17 Global Error Log +   2003/01/24 Jianda.net - Adam Bishop Beware the Edge + Sugar Mama PR Journal -   2003/01/26 ArchaeologyOnline Blog MuseumGuru Blog   2003/01/27 Casual Reflection   2003/02/02 sd homies +   Bloggers du San Diego Frank Zappa: Not just another artist from L.A. is a great article from Goldmine: The Collectors Record and Compact Disc marketplace. I'm doing housecleaning and wanted to find an online url for it. I was thinking of ditching the paper aticle and linking to it here. Unfortunately, their url www.goldminemag.com currently bounces you to this: Microsoft OLE DB Provider for SQL Server error '80040e14' The log file for database 'Collect_commerce' is full. Back up the transaction log for the database to free up some log space. /include/std_profile_lib.asp , line 79  It's too bad, because the article is good - biographical information, notes on collecible Zappa records, and such. Looks like Goldmine needs a SQL Server administrator. Looks like I'm going to hang onto the magazine.Goldmine, Zappa, SQL Server  Why Don't They Make Stuff that Won't Break? - design stinks The Music Business and the Big Flip - Clay Shirky gets it When the Wall Street Journal starts asking why are we invading Iraq, Bush is really in trouble. Master Key Copying Revealed Rush to Judgement: Jackass and Kids' Life Lessons - thoughtful analysis by Teller There is a Racquetball Video Game Mouth Wide Shut - about vaporware and secrecy Desert Caution: Once 'Stormin' Norman,' Gen. Schwarzkopf Is Skeptical About U.S. Action in Iraq Is Open Source More Secure? - Network security expert Gene 'Spaf' Spafford offers some surprising opinions on the vulnerability of Linux Feminism and Depilation opinion piece Protecting Mickey Mouse at Art's Expense - on copyright Top 10 Shameful Video Games - alarmingly bad! There is going to be a follow up to the original Twilight Zone's It's a Good Life on the new Twilight Zone Some Stray Links Madhu Menon's Fly UI is an interesting article on urinals and user interface design. It's a great example of an "affordance" -- described in Affordances and Design by Don Norman. Both are worth a read if you do design, any kind of design, for a living. Design, Urinals, Affordances A Completist's Guide to Regular Frank Zappa Records is astonishingly detailed. I'm a fan, but that level of detail is scary. Still, I enjoyed it. Zappa
Here's a neat trick, for those of you using Safari. If you want to see the debug menu (which includes goodies like a DOM tree viewer and a "snippet viewer", which lets you take a snippet of HTML and view it as Safari will render it, sort of like a split-screen WYSIWYG editor) just shut down Safari, open up Terminal and type:

defaults write com.apple.Safari IncludeDebugMenu 1

And start Safari again. To turn it off again, run the same command with a 0 instead of a 1.


via Steve Champeon on webdesign-l
Unhide the Safari Debug MenuThat title is meaningless. Today was good. Work was interesting. I get a sense that the job security where I am will be good for the near term. It had been indicated to me that the gig would be 2-3 months, but I'm reading tea leaves that indicate job security through October. This is a lovely thing altogether. Had lunch with some excellent friends slash colleagues slash men (and one woman) about town in the web sphere. Great ideas and rants exchanged. I'm thinking of starting a tech news blog for San Diego. It'll be an alternative take. I may need contributors. Maybe make it slashdot style? No. I don't want a giant forum. But it would be nice to have some interaction. Perhaps it would be good as a MovableType blog with comments? It can cover news and gossip in web dev (my favorite), biotech, wireless, and the like. Could be a fun diversion. If it sucks, we kill it. Simple enough! No progress on the car. But soon. I opened a bank account today. A local one for when I have to get into a bank. This is a good move. Practical. Also, I think I'm gonna kill my land-line and get a mobile phone. It too would be a helpful thing. It's time to join the 21st Century maybe. Incidentally, I'm writing this from the Claire de Lune Coffeehouse. It's a public net terminal. Gotta catch the bus soon. Or maybe get a ride. Enough for now.Good Day, Good Lunch, Good Ness Let's EatStrictly speaking I don't have any time to write, have to get ready for work. But i want to write some things quick-like.

The radio was really great. As opposed to the show on blogging, (see words)- there were only 2 guests instead of 3. This made more time my time. Also, there were many more call-in callers. They all had good questions, and made for good discussion.

The host, Tom Fudge, was quite a nice guy. Always nice to put faces with the voices on the radio, yes? Interestingly, he actually did look like his voice.

It went well, and I got some kind email afterwards from some folks who heard me. It makes me wonder if, say, anyone I haven't seen in a long time heard it. Is that that Joe Crawford? Naaaah! Couldn't be!

Leah drove me, as I have no functional car. She hung out in the green room while I did my thing. After, we went to the estimable D.Z. Akins and Leah had what she described as "the best grilled-cheese sandwich I've ever had in my life" -- which she says is high praise. It was a nice victory meal.

I didn't pre-publicize it. No. I didn't want to skew it with call-ins from friends. I wanted to be Mr. Un-Hype for a change. It worked out, and people noticed anyway.

I like being on the radio. I would do it again, and I think I was good at it. Maybe this is a new career avenue? Geek-on-the-radio?

After all that, I worked half-day. I still got the skillz to pay tha billz.

Bused it home and chilled out. I finished reading Pattern Recognition. The latest Gibson. It was good. Dreamy, fun, current, plausible. Everything you want in a techno-thriller.

My back hurts a bit. Gonna take some Motrin.

Okay, gotta go to work!

ONWARD!Some QuickiesSo yeah, I was on the radio again - for a full hour on Tom Fudge's show These Days on local NPR affiliate KPBS. Also on the hot seat talking about web design and web sites was Pam Dixon. It all went quite well. But I must now do some real work. More later.Radio, Radio.When it rains, more people seem to be on the bus. The buses I took to and from work today were packed. People who have to transfer rely on the timing of the buses, and as transit is different in the rain, people miss their connections, and get surly, and are on buses they did not expect to be on. Tonight it was standing room only. But what can you do? You make do of course!

It was funny though, one guy carped out loud "This is a safety hazard! How many people are you gonna fit on this bus!" -- to which the bus driver (a woman in her early 30s maybe) piped back -- "Why don't you count?!" -- she got chuckles from everyone else but carping man. He replied "There are too many people on this bus for more people!" -- and the suggestion to this from our heroine bus driver was "Well you could get off" -- the whole bus roared with laughter, and we let more people on. It was standing room only, but the buses are set up now with straps and poles that hang down so people can stand and hold on fine.

I really like the reaction of the bus driver. On reflection, her responses are probably the result of lots of complaining passengers, but I'm struck by the way laughter can defuse what could be a contentious situation. I'm pleased by my fellow San Diegan Commuters. It's raining. It's wet. Cold. Miserable. But people find a way to make the best of it. I think people were more polite than they usually are.

At lunch I went out -- and it was sunny. I went and had a taco and tamale for lunch. Cheapo Mexican food. I enjoyed it. But when it was time to go back to work the rain had started back up. Bucketfulls. (or is it Buckets full?) It was pouring for my several-block walk. I of course neglected to bring my umbrella. I didn't bring it out of some sense of hope that the weather had improved. Or perhaps forgetfulness. Anyway, several people nodded at me in commiseration as I did that hunched over trot that people do when they have no covering and have to walk in precipitation.

That's the end of my rain and transit stories. Good night.

Oh, I will have a new entry on Words, a new radio thing, by the end of the day tomorrow. Don't want to say where though. Don't want to jinx it.Lessons About San Diego TransitI like this...
"If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquility of servitude better than the animating contest of freedom, go home from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains set lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen."

Samuel Adams, speech at the Philadelphia State House, August 1, 1776.Disdain for $ See: http://www.barebones.com/products/bblite/index.shtml:  Thank you for your interest in BBEdit Lite. As of February 25, 2003, BBEdit Lite has been discontinued and is no longer available.  Sad. Sad. Sad.They Killed BBEdit Lite!So I'm behind on a few things, but ahead on others. And boy oh boy -- it sure is raining like a big dog. It's pouring off of the roof in sheets. A real racket! Anyway, I'm blogging less and I'm all backed up with links.

Perhaps you'll be sated by these links:  The Museum of Ramen From alt.humor.best-of-usenet : a very funny response to software pirates A song about Joseph  I don't own any older recorded music. The story goes that my father had faith in me that I could run this little turntable even though I was like 3 or 4 years old. And I've been trusted with technology ever since. (Recorded by my roommate Erin Thanks Erin!)

http://artlung.com/soundmedia/1975ish-joseph-joseph.mp3

Raining Like A Big Dog The religion of the future will be a cosmic religion.  It should avoid dogma and theology.  Covering both the natural and the spiritual.  It should be based on a religious sense arising from the experience of all things as a meaningful unity.  If there is any religion that could cope with the modern scientific needs, it would be Buddhism.

-- Albert Einstein | (via Mickele)Quote of the MonthFrom XML at Five from xml.com:  Rick Jelliffe ... criticized XHTML: "HTML thrived on being more forgiving of missing tags than even SGML allowed. Throwing that away makes HTML a lot less attractive. Which is true of markup in general, actually."  With which I wholeheartedly agree. HTML is supposedly the most common electronic document type on the planet. Why? Because it was butt-simple to learn and use. XHTML is rigid. I think for the most part this rigidity doesn't buy a whole lot. HTML 4.01 works great for most uses. Mind you, I like to play in xhtml, as in SDBloggers or my DHTML thing or several old splash pages. But I also think it should be painfully easy for people to build web pages.

Would the web be as popular now if Browsers were unforgiving of bad markup? If only rocket-scientists could author web pages? I say no. The explicit and rigid nature  of XHTML would have scared people off. So as much as us old timer's (mind you, I started in 1996, just as the waves were beginning, but not at the very beginning) object to the tag soup that developed over the years. There was a beautiful method to the madness. The WWW flourished because anyone with Notepad could build a website, whether you know the difference between semantic markup, schemas, document type definitions, or any of it.

De facto beats de jure every time.<birthday number="5years">XML</birthday>; Thoughts on HTML's PopularityGot this in the email bag:  I'm happy to announce the launch of my San Diego Real Estate site. Please check it out at:

http://www.margotwinters.com/ Surf around. Find some homes. Let me know what you think. My thanks goes to Jeff Nagy (http://deepbluepacific.com/) for the site.  Margot does San Diego real estate. Jeff does kickin' web design. Hire them. Now!Site Launch! Margot Winters by DeepBluePacific! When last we saw our hero on a train, he was returning from his trip to Los Angeles. This was a most excellent trip. It included high adventure and much bemusement. The tales of these exploits and the attendant pictures, as well as the links he culled from them have generated a nice amount of interest, and links. You can see some of the folks currently linking to me in the Referrers section. My thanks to those who have been interested in linking to my thoughts. I'm writing more, and enjoying it very much. I'm on a train again, though this time without MacStumbler on and without a source of AC power. I'm on The Coaster, having stayed with my good friend last night in San Marcos. I got on at the Carlsbad Station. Leah got me there with a few minutes to spare. She's a wonderful person. My Car, a faithful companion for 14 years, is giving up the ghost. It will cost $1743 to fix it. Valve job, whatnot. I can't afford it, and I don't think it's a smart investment. Further, the counsel of elders, an Aunt, my Grandfather, my girlfriend, my roommate also don't feel it's a hot idea. They think I should get a new car. Mind you, I can't afford a new car. I can't afford much. Like many Americans, I'm heavily and irretrievably in debt. I need either much better cash flow, or to declare bankruptcy, or I'll never get out from under it. As my father said last night "it's like you're buying a house," which a followed up with "but I don't get a house at the end of it." So I need money. And I lack a car. Luckily, my current contract, with an indefinite duration but with a verbal assurance that it will last "2 to 3 months" provides the money end. It also is in synchrony with the fact that I have no car. I am able to take mass-transit to work and can navigate the city of San Diego and outlying areas using this and this alone. In this way I'm blessed. Lessons. On another topic, there is a relationship whose terms are changing. I have no idea how it will change. It is another adventure though. It hurts when things change, and yet change is really most inevitable. But as I think of it all. It could be light-years different. It could be profoundly worse. I consider myself lucky to have friends and family who love me and support me. I have a vibrant community of online relationships who observe my life from a distance and wish me well. Does this group of loose relationships constitute a kind of church for me? A community? I have no idea, but it's possible, because I don't presently have a need for a formal religious community. As in all things, that may change. The train moves past Encinitas now. The bungalows and beach condos are charming. There are surfers on Dawn Patrol. There. We just passed the North County office of Jenny's and my Marriage and Family Counselor. There, we just passed where I house-sat late last year. And now we move into Solana Beach. It is foggy over the lagoon before the stop. Why on earth do I blog? Why do I do this in public? I am at a loss, but it's not for public condemnation or praise. I would like this blog to be a conduit for finding work and for sharing my thoughts on the technical things which jazz up my life. I also want it, now I realize, as a means to share my experience. I think of the diaries of Civil War soldiers: literate men, enduring hardship, and prevailing. Maybe that's what this journal is, and it's a word with explicit religious overtones: TESTIMONY. Herein I provide my testimony about my life and my work, and my experiences as a person going through this turn of the century period. It is but one person's testimony. It is one on a planet of many BILLIONS. That's worth pondering. As much as perhaps my story immerses and moves or bores you, there are dozens, hundreds, thousands, millions, BILLIONS more. Ponder that and try and think your problems "amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world." Billions. My seatmates are chatting. On The Coaster every set of seats is a set of four. They are pointed inward at each other. One of my seatmates points West and exclaims "Dolphins!"  Sure enough, there are dorsal fins of at least three dolphins making their arcs through the water. Perhaps 300 yards offshore. Billions of people, all with stories. Some people think that dolphins are intelligent and in some of the same ways human beings are. And add to those billions of people dolphins. Add other mammals and how many amazing tales does this planet foster just right now. And throughout its history? So many stories on this small blue planet. We're in Sorrento Valley now. A third of the people exit the train (is "detrain" a word?). They are off to their jobs in San Diego's "Tech Center." I've not worked any jobs in this area. Perhaps I should. Perhaps I should find a part-time job to supplement my income. It would be more work. Well, duh. Of course it would be more work. But it would be more stress, and less diversions. I think I need to work like a dog. I want to erase what I just wrote. But perhaps there's something. I wonder if the San Diego Union-Tribune needs a blogging correspondent. I got some stray hits to SD Bloggers from what looked like an alpha U-T blog. It was a blogspot blog. It could only help them. Despite their recent coverage of the blog world, none of their writers blog. Maybe I could consult with them. Blogger emeritus? I want to be valued. I want to help people. I am worth being paid well for this. I have smarts and experiences and an ability to solve problems that others lack. I know this well, and hope I will truly get a "salary commensurate with experience" in my next job. I wonder if I should beg for money here. Apparently online begging is hot. But that's not my style. I am happy to receive books and tidbits from my various readers. Thank you, Janece and Lemur for the recent gifts you sent. But I feel there will be a way for me to make ends meet, or get afloat without resorting to the equivalent of panhandling. Billions of people. All these stories, all of these lives, where are they now? My roommate's father died early yesterday morning. He had been ill for a long while. I did not know him, and never met him. He was a San Diego Policeman for many years. By all accounts a good man. I feel bad that this happened. It was not unexpected though. He took ill a few years ago and has had a rough time. It was natural in the fullness of the time, for him to die. Another of billions. I pause to consider my own life. I start work very soon. We are nearly to our destination. Today I will do more ColdFusion programming. Using tools to make tools for people. Doing the work of commerce, and perhaps for the greater good. Onward, billions. On The Road Again  Google Buys Pyra/Blogger.comhttp://weblog.siliconvalley.com/column/dangillmor/...   Mothership site for the Blogosphere event:http://boingboing.net/blogosphere.html Reverse Cowgirl's Photos:http://blogs.salon.com/0001437/stories/2003/02/17/liveFrom... Pyra's CEO Ev, on his personal blog, on the story:http://evhead.com/archives/2003_02_01_archive_default.asp Smart Thoughts on Trackbacks, referers, and other interesting stuff Google can look at when evaluating breaking news. This is the smartest take yet. Google can sift through new blog entries for hot news in really *interesting* ways now. The theory is that Google is building the Memex. All collected human knowledge, instantaneously, and in some way they get access to this in blogger.http://interconnected.org/notes/2003/02/Google_buy_Pyra_2.txt It's a little like DejaNews getting bought, but mostly not, and also, does this relegate non-blogger blogs to 2nd Class citizenship:http://www.dashes.com/anil/index.php?archives/005129.php The inevitable MetaFilter thread:http://www.metafilter.com/mefi/23612 Doc, on the whole thing - good links and links to pages with links:http://doc.weblogs.com/discuss/msgReader$3141 The New York Times story:http://www.nytimes.com/2003/02/17/technology/17GOOG.html Informal Corporate Motto for Google: Don't be evil (from November)http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/11.01/google.html Audio Blog, now slashdotted/blogdotted...http://www.audblog.com/ You know, pyRads and AdWords are very similar:http://pyrads.com/https://adwords.google.com/select/ Kottke calls it "Blogging's Netscape IPO" (which is actually a compliment, I think)http://www.kottke.org/03/02/030216bloggings_ne.html The story in brief on Internet News:http://www.internetnews.com/bus-news/article.php/1585371 Tony Pierce on how cool as a cuke Ev is:http://www.tonypierce.com/blog/2003_02_16_blogarc.htm#90331511 Still no news here:http://www.blogger.com/Or here:http://www.google.com/press/pressreleases.htmlOr here:http://www.pyra.com/(Noted Megnut)http://www.megnut.com/weblogs/002602.asp   Tony Pierce, on who really broke the story anyway?http://www.tonypierce.com/blog/2003_02_16_blogarc.htm#90336284 Kottke has a cute visual take:http://www.kottke.org/03/02/030217you_put_blog.html And my own brief thoughts embedded here:http://artlung.com/blog/special_2003_02_16.php  Lots of Links on Blogosphere and Google Buying Pyra and BloggerSo those are summaries of some longer pieces. TrainBlogging, and they include pictures of Blogger buying Pyra (sort of), me looking goofy, and various fuzzy pictures. I just kept writing, and writing, and writing. And now they're on the web. Check them out:

A Small L.A. Trip: Part 1: From San Diego to Los AngelesA Small L.A. Trip: Part 2: Musings/BlogosphereAbout those last two postsAbout A Small L.A. Trip: Part 2: Musings/Blogosphere

I tried out the "Summarize" feature of MacOS, here it is: MacOS X Machine Generated Summary:

The thing I come away with is that anyone can do this blogging stuff, which is what I believed before too.

The impression I got was that several of the people on the panel were interested in how to monetize their blogging in some way...  That others read it is terrific, but I can't help but think that when you do something for yourself , you're not going to be able to consistently productize and monetize it.  Several people: rabbit blog ,reverse cowgirl , and the guy with the "Anna Kournikova Nude" blog said that they don't think about their audience very much.

...There's a Blade Runner page that I remember looking at when I sat down at World Cafe in Santa Monica those many years ago. But that's memorable only because it was the first site I ever visited.

...Part of me immediately thought that I hope Matt Haughey gets some dough from that -- I know he and several others put their hearts and souls into that company.

...I have rolled my own widget to allow my archived months of blogger to be navigated month-to-month, I added a widget which replaces the traditional blogger archive page with one that is generated based on my actual archive files.  I also have a mod_rewrite which accounts for the initial urls I was using (shtml) and rewrites them to how they are today.

...And she was going to pick me up in L.A., or maybe pick me up in Oceanside or somewhere on her way back late tonight -- but I just decided to come on home now.

...He talks about the fact that he writes best when he is in a public place, not at home, with a steady supply of Cherry Coke, with people around, but not people who are going to want something or want to talk or have you take out the trash or do chores or anything.

...These are things he could only know from reading my blog at least once or twice, or perhaps looking at the front page of my site.  In any case, this is the kind of generosity that if you had told me about, I would not have believed five years ago. And yet, it happened. Anyway, it was perfect for me to stay with him because he had been planning to come to 8am mass at the new Cathedral downtown anyway, and he could drop me off at the station downtown.

Go read the whole giant thing now: Part 2A Small L.A. Trip: Part 2: Musings/Blogosphere Go read the whole giant thing now: Part 1  MacOS X Machine Generated Summary: Theoretically, because I have a unix box here (this goofy, lima bean shaped computer holds 30 years of unix history in its heart of hearts) I could set a cron job to run every second or half second to try and complete a mission. ...I can't tell if they have an AP. But many months back I went to a presentation there given by the folks who took over Ricochet, local company NetHere . ...But we (my mother and I) would take train to come visit my Grandparents (at the time, all were still alive) in San Diego. ...There is a restaurant scene and a bomb goes off, and the people who are not actually bombed, that is, dismembered and injured by the bomb, keep dining. ...Maybe the whole of the world has been living with the reality of terror for a long time. ...I start to feel very emasculated when I think about not having a car. But really I can do without for a while.  I've gone without before, and I suppose it works out perfectly that I have a job I can get to only using mass-transit. ...The cute (well, I assume they're cute, I've not seen them from the front) Japanese girls drop out of Japanese and into English to commiserate with her. ...But I think I mean something different about this "cute couple" than I meant before about "cute Japanese girls." ...Maybe they're not mercantilists in Florence a few hundred years ago, but there are always patrons.  Go read the whole giant thing now: Part 1A Small L.A. Trip: Part 1: From San Diego to Los Angeles Blogging from the train station again. Gotta get home. I've a ton of stuff I'm going to post later. Some pictures too. Stay tuned or drop me a note if you want to know when I post it.Back HomeReplaced here: http://artlung.com/blog/blogosphere-part-1/

Bound For the Blogosphere... So I'm on the San Diego train with my humble, falling apart laptop - about to leave for Los Angeles. Turn on my airport and WHAM! there's a WiFi access point called TRAINDEPOT. No encryption.

I'm so pleased.

Bound for L.A. ...

...

...

--7:29p Here we go. Live at the blogosphere event.

We're gonna see whatsup with this.

Hanging with Dennis W and some other 405ers.

--7:30p
Still waiting for something to happen.

--7:42pm
Big crowd. Nice turnout.  Maybe 110 people?

--7:48pm
It's starting. A Rhizome person talking. xeni is being introduced.

We are being videotaped live, so says Xeni. There's a wireless network here courtesy socalwug

Now Reverse Cowgirl's blog girl is on. How we came to be here.Rationale for being here: "it seemed like a good idea at the time."  Exciting new technology -- a means to get people interacting.

I fear that my battery is going to go dead before I can finish this. Ev says he's never been to L.A. before. Other intros of the panel members.

Just got a battery alert. This is not good. My old clamshell iBook is tired. I may have to do this analog. Ah well. Mark of BoingBoing is talking.

I'm going offline. Just asked about some AC power. No go. :-(

So long, I'm going into the real world.

--7:58pm
Bye for now. Bound For the Blogosphere...  I really like my new job. I am learning and teaching and DOING.  I am enjoying revisiting something from my teens: riding mass transit. I like being able to read and chill on the way to work. I'm appreciating working standard office hours again, I start early in the morning. It keeps me occupied and happy. It reminds me of when I worked at ARCO in downtown L.A., but in a good way. My car died this week. It's a 14 year-old Toyota Corolla. It didn't so much die as much as it is has gone lame. It rumbles in a bad way. Tonight I took it to the shop. I hope all it needs is some TLC and a tune-up. Cashflow is a wonderful thing. I'm still in arrears but it's all improving. Slowly. Surely. Slow. Steady. Wins. The. Clich&eacute;s. San Diego has become Los Angeles. It's got a vibrant array of immigrants. It's got better mass-transit. It's got bohemian snotty kids. It's got storied characters. It's got hellacious traffic. It's got wonderful stores featuring exotic materials from all over the world. We are living in the future. There are tv screens on the gas pumps. There are tv screens inside cars. There are wireless networks all over the place. I use an encrypted connection to view my personal electronic message box from work. I am able to find directions to anywhere in the city by using a hypertext system. I am able to pay bills without ever writing a check or licking a stamp. I am able to ignore events around the world and focus on the intense media celebrityhood of my nation. I can get news from anywhere I want. I converse regularly with people I have never met and only know from their online electronical personas. This is the future. I see Leah regularly. She remains a wonderful person to see and have adventures with. I missed the racquetball on ESPN today. I forgot to tape it. This disappoints me. Of course I could buy it on DVD. I am a terrible correspondent with many people. My Mom for one. Several other people for another. Time is so short though. But I need to get consistent about it. I want those who read this, but with whom I don't speak regularly... to know I feel bad about it. I'm working on it. I feel people are more important than these diversions. But these diversions also sustain me. People are core. But passions are core too. How to reconcile these two? I have no idea. I was taken to lunch by my staffing agency this week. I had a halibut steak. It was very tasty. I also had part of a rainbow roll (a sushi roll). I am still badly in need of a haircut, but I will be fine I think. It is an amazing life. I am content though, even in this half-chaos. Tomorrow I'm going to Los Angeles, to this thing called Live From The Blogosphere!. I think I'll be able to sponge a place to stay with some electronic pals. Did you know that The Amtrak San Diegans are no longer called that? They're now called Pacific Surfliners. That's important. I'm also going to play some racquetball. That should be good. I'm also going to hang out with Leah and her kids and Leah's pal Mickele. Adventures! It's a whirlwind life. It's a good life. It's a unique and it's an American life. I sort of wish I was going to one of the protests this weekend. I was moved this week by Senator Byrds's comments in the Senate. Read his words here.  Onward to sleep! The Past Week In Review. In Bullet PointsThere is a new header on the blog. I'm very proud of it. It contains aspects of the previous header, mentioned here. I'm holding a copy of William Gibson's Pattern Recognition. That's down in the Gaslamp at the trolley. I took some pictures of myself and then I got to play. It's too late. I have racquetball in the morning, but I feel really good. Saturday is going to be great.A New Header See: this post to IP. Here is a (requires RealPlayer) Direct Link. Fast forward to about 28 minutes. I sensed a little smirk on Ari's face, but how on earth can he say there's no quid pro quo in diplomacy? The whole game is "you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours." And that applies whether the topic is trade or war!Ari Fleisher Laughed out of the White House Press Room Workings of the Mind redesigned/changed out their flaky backend.Go Janece!Interesting site: Beliefnet.comBeliefnetGot this via the Negro Problem / Stew mailing list :

Work has begun on Heidi Rodewald's solo record. 90% of the basics have been recorded I think. Also we are at work on the new Stew record which will be out this year, as will Heidi's. A collaboration between the award winning Los Angeles instrumental group Double Naught Spy Car &amp; Stew will be coming out sometime this year. Also, a Stew produced record by Mr. Smolin will be available soon. And if that weren't enough, The Cover Problem will be going into the studio soon to record.

Sounds like some fun music coming down the wire!Go Heidi! Cover Problem! Stew! Woo! Links...  XML Inventor Tim Bray has a blog -- so cool! Funny: Freedom Fries from the Soda Jerks Have you heard of The Plaster Casters? You just can't make up stuff like that. Two for writers: TWG Interview: Nick Mamatas, and an oldie: A Workshop Lexicon New site from GoWestDesign: My Ethereal Image 'Do Not Call' is now a federal law How a War Became a Crusade, troubling article on the rhetoric of Providence, of Divine Mandates, with respects to the President I use htdig, but I'd like to take mnoGoSearch for a spin 32nd Critical Care Congress of the Society of Critical Care Medicine  Mechanical Ventilation CME  via vfth New Website: Nansy Phleger! FBI, Customs secretly seize Associated Press package -- not the actions of a government of which I'm proud -- NO WARRANT! -- SHAME! ware: Airlines lowering bag weight limits to rake in fees -- and more outrages George W Bush demands a standing ovation and controlled audiences blog-network - interesting Everything with ethernet, everything with a web server -- Controller pushes Ethernet into everyday equipment -- if everything (fridges, lightbulbs, books, cars, anything) is serving web pages, then I'll never be out of work! Huzzah!  And personally...  	My mailing list has been wonky lately. Bad vibes. I hope it will improve. I'm working to speak my mind about what is civil and what is uncivil discourse. Challenging. 	Work is going well. I learned about the RequestTimeout variable in ColdFusion. Essentially, if an action is going to take a long time, ColdFusion may time out and show an ugly error before it finishes. To obviate that happening, you can append to your url (in the case of a GET request, ?RequestTimeout=500 -- which will give CF 500 seconds to finish. I need to learn more about these kind of situations - performance tuning of web applications in CF is a new part of my job. I like it. I think I have this: a tooth abscess -- I'm seeing a dentist tomorrow -- a short notice appointment 	There's a party this weekend -- Leah and her roommates are throwing a thing. I hope I'm up to it after the dentist. 	Still in a holding pattern on the car. 	Bill collectors have STOPPED CALLING. They love me again. How much you wanna bet they start sending me new cards again. VULTURES. *sigh* Of course, I got myself into this. So fun.  	I've finished 3 books in the past week. I'm not telling which ones, 'cause I have a few more to finish, and then I hope to write some book reviews. 	Birthday next week. 33 years old to be.  Anti-climactic?  ONWARD! *groan* (...my tooth aches)Lots to talk about. No time to say it. I'm going to the WebDesign Meetup tomorrow. Be there or be square!Web Designer Meetup Thursday Flying the Caribbean is exactly the kind of long form writing I love on the web, as I said last month. Philip Greenspun is great. I got to see him give his Web Tech Talk at CalTech in 1999. That was also the first time I got blogged about, by Matt Haughey. I met him then. Philip was a great speaker, and I'm glad to see he's writing a new book. There's a lot of good stuff in Flying the Caribbean. Rants. Musings. Here are some of my favorite excerpts: On Puerto Rico's place vis-a-vis the USA  Puerto Rico is interesting politically.  The island is home to 4 million American citizens who don't pay federal income tax, aren't represented in Congress, and don't vote for president.  Most of the Puerto Ricans whom I encountered were against statehood on pragmatic grounds.  They get nearly all of the benefits that any American might get from the federal government, including welfare for mothers and children, defense, flight service, air traffic control, etc., but they don't have to pay for these benefits.  On racial tensions in the Virgin Islands  There is a fair amount of racial tension in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Basically this is a Third World country where if you're part of the ruling oligarchy you can make huge bucks through connections and kickbacks.  If you're not born into the right family, however, you must choose between low-paying service jobs and emigration.  The ruling oligarchs, like most of the natives, are black.  The tourists and the rich expats are mostly white.  This leads to occasional conflict.  For example, it is actually illegal to walk around "downtown" streets wearing a bathing suit top and the police ticket the cruise ship passengers who aren't aware of this rule.  As one local put it "there is nothing that black policemen like more than giving tickets to white people."  Tapwater in the Carribean  It is generally unsafe to drink tapwater in the Caribbean.  An island may appear to be a pristine desert.  How could the well water be unsafe?  It isn't well water.  The only water available is probably rainwater that is collected in a cistern and left to stew in its own bacterial soup for a few weeks.  Of the places covered in this guide Puerto Rico probably has the safest tapwater and the Dominican Republic the most lethal.  American influence leads to crime  Property and violent crime against tourists does exist, however, and as usual the United States is the leader.  Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands of St. Thomas and St. Croix are renowned for crime.  Barred windows and private security guards are common throughout Puerto Rico but you probably won't feel unsafe because there are always a lot of (very helpful) police around the tourist areas.  "Crime got a lot worse in the 1950s when the U.S. government started handing out food stamps," a local explained.  "People on farms in the countryside weren't stupid and they figured out that they could make more by not working.  So they stopped working, we began to import all of our food from Florida, and the kids grew up without ever seeing a working adult.  Now a lot of them are criminals."  Alcohol and Expatriates  You'll meet a lot of Americans and Europeans who spend 6-12 months per year in the Caribbean and want you to agree with them that a slow-paced rum-soaked life in the islands is superior to life in the city.  If you're drinking Diet Coke they take this as an implicit criticism of their lifestyle and get offended enough to fairly demand that you consume.  Island Life vs. City Life  In theory the cities of North America offer the opportunity to socialize a lot of fascinating people, to learn new ideas and skills, to appreciate art and entertainment, and to have challenging and rewarding work.  In practice it seems that crowding and high real estate prices force most citizens into working 60-hour weeks so that they can meet their mortgage and SUV payments.  In theory it should be possible for Joe Wornout to back down to a shabby apartment and a used Honda Civic and change to a lower pressure job. In practice it does not seem to be socially sanctioned among the high-achievers of New York or Toronto or wherever.  So Joe Wornout opens a restaurant on a small island and works moderately hard during tourist season but not at all the rest of the year.  Joe is relaxed and constantly exposed to natural beauty and the sea but he is now missing out on everything good that the city had to offer.  I've quoted quite a lot of this stuff. It's definitely at the upper bounds of "fair use" - but I feel like I really want to encourage you, dear reader, to go read some Phil Greenspun. Go read it all. Then go to explore Greenspun's whole site. If anyone can be considered a model for my own experimentation and thoughts on how to put together a personal site, it's Greenspun. Greenspun has been accused of being an egoiste and of being insensitive in his use of metaphors, and more. Bottom line: he thinks deeply, and I admire him. Philip Greenspun 2003, Go Read Him. I really like this thread from MeFi Here are some of my favorite movie quotes:  Call off your men. Forget it. He's rolling. Game over man! Game over! I can verify that. Best play ever man! Deserve's got nothing to do with it.  Movie Quotes Yikes. Thet OneCore thing I posted was resolved in June 2001. My bad. I sorta like his idea of web revenge though. I think I fell through a timewarp and thought 2003 was 2001. Scary!Sorry MAS! McWiFi -- an unannounced California town -- let's hope that means San Diego!Ha!  MAS says: OneCore stinks! stupid, funny Catch-22 for online banking for local blogger - I hope this gets sorted out Carter weighs in on "Pre-emptive War" Bush Sr warning over unilateral action Bush to Bush: Son, let's talk about "diplomacy" -- I feel like you're old enough new lab item: Ways to break a lock on an Access Database with Cold Fusion I need to get a cellphone. I'm thinking of ditching the regular land-line. What's the cheapest phone plan? I hear pre-paid is the way to go for "frugal" solutions. With the right plan (I think) I can spend what I'm spending now on a regular phone, but have it be mobile. Priceless! 10 years ago, who knew what his code would do: For Andreessen, the thrill faded as Mosaic caught on. NCSA exerted more control over its development, and the existing Internet community lashed out at Mosaic. At a conference, Berners-Lee yelled at Andreessen, telling him that adding images to the Web was going to bring in a flood of new users who would do things like post photos of nude women."He was right," Andreessen now says with a shrug. Who's Mark Andreessen? Who's Tim Berner's Lee? What's NCSA? What is Mosaic? What's an &lt;IMG&gt; tag? Nude women? (mom, don't follow this link): Kelly Brook (not safe for work) New Shirky! Social Software and the Politics of Groups -- this is something I know about, as a List Founder Previous and Next links demystified More interesting San Diego Bloggers Links: 1 2 3 More about Web Services Apple slowly rolling out GUI Scripting  Links for a Late Night Monday / Early Morning Tuesday

This here is a picture from 90 pounds ago.

My roommate passed this to me.

I still have lots of work to do though.

At the moment I don't have a good "after" picture. I should take a new photo with me in the same outfit. Those shorts had been tight, but now when I wear them I need a belt or else they fall off. Clothes size is a much better metric than "90 pounds." And tolerance for exercise is even better. Tonight I went to the store, walked it, maybe 1/4 mile. Went and picked up a bunch of groceries. Walked back. Thought nothing of it.

A year ago I'd have been seriously out of breath doing something like that.

Instead, I was only worried that the bag with the soda in it might break!"Before" Hello my fellow WebSanDiegans:

This is a little long, and a bit out of character. I usually respond to posts on-list and let them fly. But I feel like I have a bit more to say, so as your host, I'd like to say some things about community and about behavior.

WebSanDiego.org has always distinguished itself as a place of civil, professional conduct. It disappoints me to see name calling and vitriol on a list of what [should be/can be/sometimes is] colleagues, friends, neighbors.

There was some valuable information in the cash thread, and valid points and complaints.

But the rudeness was not cool. I was dismayed.

There are no punishments to be doled out. Noone will be removed. It's not a moderated list, after all. We all have the power to post as we see fit, when we see fit. Sometimes we're mad and angry and frustrated. We are only human.

I think of the book "House of God" - about a Doctor-In-Training, here are the rules of the HoG: III. AT A CARDIAC ARREST, THE FIRST PROCEDURE IS TO TAKE YOUR OWN PULSE

What's it mean? It means that to be any good to a bad situation, you have to be clear about where *your* head is at. If you're not calm, you're no good to a patient. To some extent, if you're angry and frothing at the mouth, you're no use to a discussion group either.

So I'd like to remind people to take an extra minute and consider their posts. Passion is valuable. Strong feelings can make for great posts. But remember in your anger to include content, and remember that you're among fellow professionals.

Thanks for listening to me on this. I know your time is valuable.

As always: Comments, questions, complaints, feedback welcome via email at administrators(at)websandiego.org

Joe Crawford
List Founder
http://websandiego.org/Sometimes, I'm List FounderSan Diego has a new Python GroupRafe Colburn, Danny Ayers, and Scott Janssens linked to my Flash Mind Reader Debunk page Thanks!Go read World of Ends - right up there with The Cluetrain ManifestoNew San Diego Bloggers URL: sandiegobloggers.comBook review of a book about the anthropological roots of religionFitt's Law is a robust model of human psychomotor behavior developed in 1954. The model is based on time and distance. It enables the prediction of human  movement and human motion based on rapid, aimed movement, not  drawing or writing.It seems intuitive that movement time would be affected by the distance moved  and the precision demanded by the size of the target to which one is moving.  Fitts discovered that movement time was a logarithmic function of distance when  target size was held constant, and that movement time was also a logarithmic  function of target size when distance was held constant. Mathematically, Fitts'  law is stated as follows:Go Roger Ebert!: Public prayer fanatics borrow page from enemy's scriptabout the .local domain on OSXThree analyses of Sapphire Worm: 1 2 3Four random interesting links to San Diego Bloggers: 1 2 3 4Buy me something, if you want. This had been a broken link. Thanks Albert! for catching it!I've played with this, it works, and I don't want to forget the url: OpenBook: a PHP/MySQL guestbookI still haven't tried WiFi/Mac sniffing tool KisMacRed Herring co-founder's comments on Red Herring's closureAnother tool I want to use on a project: htmlArea

The weather is perfect today in San Diego. I'm so chilled out. I feel good. Leah is at Church. I am working on email and laundry and my various projects. It's a lovely day all around. I've decided to hold off on a decision about a new car. There's no rush, I have my bus pass. I'm still getting my financial house in order before any purchase. My folks have helped me out, and I'm holding that in escrow before I make a decision. I'm trying to be the best I can be. There's no rush, and things are good.

OnwardAnother Brain Dump! Various News Relevant to Me, and Maybe You? Small Personal Note"You and I are told we must choose between a left or right, but I suggest there is no such thing as a left or right.  There is only an up or down.  Up to man's age-old dream -- the maximum of individual freedom consistent with order -- or down to the ant heap of totalitarianism. Regardless of their sincerity, their humanitarian motives, those who would sacrifice freedom for security have embarked on this downward path."

- Ronald ReaganQuote of the DayMacessibility is Kynn's new blog about Mac Accessibility.MacessibilityFrom Army's Apple Shines in the Desert

"it has remained trouble-free, stable and solid as a rock"

It must be some kind of science fiction world come true that that Macs are now described as "like a rock." They've always had a temperamental reputation. But they really do kick ass these days. Thanks unix!Macintosh: Like a RockKynn has a new blog - it's a two-part blog covering antiwar politics, Shock &amp; Aweastro turf: ftballiance.org is a site devoted to promoting the Chargers side in the ever-tenous relationship between The City of San Diego and the San Diego ChargersMacromedia has redesigned their website, with lots more flash. Unfortunately in Opera 7.01 for WinXP the site never loads - goes into some kind of detection preload loop. This was on Wednesday. It might be fixed now.Sendmail, bringing exploits to the internet since 1988, and even nowfrom Charles: Frank Zappa - no selloutfrom Jenny: Joe Frank, raconteur and amazing and unprecedentedly original L.A. radio guy, now has a websiteTakeTheWave.com, a site devoted to an Oceanside to San Diego hydrofoil ferry, which is a terrible idea. The Coaster kicks its ass. But I'd take something like this to LAX or Santa Monica or Marina del Rey. That'd be great. Traffic between San Diego and L.A. stinks. A nice boat ride would be great.Kelly Abbott, a supremely community-minded fellow, getting interviewed about airshare.org. Go Kelly!Aquafold is an Enterprise Manager for Mac OS X. Based on Java, and looks really strong as a tool for administering and modifying databases. Downloading now.Say no to online sales tax!The Dangerous Bush Doctrine, a lucid editorial from JamaicaMe, in 2001, pontificating on the panoply of ways to address form objects in JavaScriptSlashdot, with a Mod Score rating of 5 for the story on Columbia, isamazingly readable, with mentions of Richard Feynman, and others.New micropayments system: peppercoin.comJohn Perry Barlow on  Dick Cheney365 days of odd music! (from my roommate Erin)Interesting review of Tomorrow Nowa PHP PDF generation libraryRules for talking about salary on job interviews -- USEFULSharp, confiscated objects from airports - on EBAY! - the State of California has to have some revenue!Michael "Lindows.com" Robertson in USATodaybrief on how voting mechanisms affect war stancesInteresting notes on SQL Slammer worm, via Crypto-gramRadiation facts for first responders and PhysiciansRadiation Emergency Response informationAll about bioterrorFrom 1999: On O'Reilly book cover illustrationsColdFusion documentationNew lab item: 50 statesNetwork, game, and social therapy and NASCARmembers.evolt.org is closing. I'm moving my evolt stuff to artlung.f2o.orgChristina/VersaceBush is a BullyIn April, in Long Beach: MacGatheringOnce, John Dowdell linked to meThe Difference Dictionary (The Difference Engine is a favorite book of mine)Steve E sent me this one: Not-So-Live From the BlogosphereFor about a minute, The Union-Tribune had a blog (I think). They must still be mulling it.About Columbia: Beam Me Out Of This Death Trap, ScottyDaimlerChrysler alters Mauldin cartoon for adI want to play with OSCommerceUser Experience MagazineTim "invented XML" Bray on the future of RSSWhy like Zevon?What should I do with joecrawford.com?Affecting the presentation of form fields on Web pageasp2php is wackyChoose a Random San Diego BloggerLe Brain Dump!Things are fine. The job is going well. Cashflow is good. Girlfriend is nice.  Email is backed up. Phone calls are backed up. Soul patch is removed. Car still dead. Bus pass still working. The little red car is being junked for some cash. A new car is being shopped for, slowly. I'm still waiting to hear back from KPBS about getting a copy of the recent radio show. Time marches on, and I feel pretty good.Not Blogged LatelySo  people send me links to this thing, and I just can't stand people thinking these little tricks are somehow reading their minds. So I made: "The Flash Mind Reader" - How It Works

New Words: The Flash Mind Reader Soldier 'bloggers' report from war: There's a new breed of combat personnel at the war front: soldier "bloggers." Internet contact a blessing, but potential risk, for troops It's a strange time. Everywhere I go I overhear people talking about the war and not a lot else. The SSQ talk last night on QA risk management also couldn't help it - speaking about GPS equipment software failures and jamming and how it relates to risk. Whatever your stance on the Invasion and Operations in Iraq, I know that those of us who are US Citizens hope that our military people come home in one piece, and that the people of Iraq don't suffer overmuch. The intersection of the current conflict and internet (journalism, blogging, news alerts, news aggregators, email, etc) is an interesting one - and *this* topic (as opposed to more general talk positive/negative on the war) seems ripe for discussion. One thing in particular caught my eye:  "The Army even gives soldiers accounts to set up password-protected sites."  (from the pilotonline link above). The level of communication is really stunning when you think about it. Blogs / War / Intersection Gosh, that Kynn is busy. He's fact-checking the North County Times (NCTimes.com) / KOGO / Pro-troops misinformation (Kynn paints it as malpheasance, I'd say it sounds more like lazy reporters who should know better). Also check his Local War News Roundup. Other Obligatory War Links  Cheney is still paid by Pentagon contractor Risks of Iraqi war emerging How To Take Back America Ari, yesterday the U.S. decided to grant one of Haliburton's subsidiaries the contract to put out the oil well fires. And I'm wondering, given that you've known that for months and months in advance that there could be the possibility of oil well fires, why was there not a bid put out to bid on contracts, and was this given without any bidding? Grange: Iraqis fight with 'economy of force' Who Lied To Whom: Why did the Administration endorse a forgery about Iraq's nuclear program? Rumsfeld strategy may hit US opinion "Too many videogames, I think"  That's enough of that. Kynn, Muckracker / War Stuff  http://atrios.blogspot.com http://www.thismodernworld.com/ http://www.talkingpointsmemo.com/ http://www.talkleft.com/ http://calpundit.blogspot.com/ http://www.liberaloasis.com/ http://econ161.berkeley.edu/TotW/Daily_Journal.html http://dailykos.com/ http://www.nathannewman.org/log/ http://tedbarlow.blogspot.com/ http://www.sideshow.idps.co.uk/ http://slacktivist.blogspot.com/ http://www.prospect.org/weblog/ http://bodyandsoul.blogspot.com/ http://offthekuff.com/mt/ http://www.matthewyglesias.com/ http://d-squareddigest.blogspot.com/ http://digbysblog.blogspot.com/ http://thelookingglass.blogspot.com/ http://counterspin.blogspot.com/ http://skyedreams.blogspot.com/ http://dneiwert.blogspot.com/ http://johnquiggin.blogspot.com/ http://maxspeak.org/gm/index.htm http://hnn.us/articles/900.html http://www.thetalkingdog.com/ http://junius.blogspot.com/ http://www.jeffcoop.com/blog/ http://www.felbers.net/blogger.html http://sheldman.blogspot.com/  for Doc Searls, who posted the text but didn't linkify them... Some Lefty Bloggers (Some I've heard of, Some Not)-  No idea if worthwhile...  Hope is not a plan!   ...via Sustainable Fort Bragg, via Talking Points Memo Quote of the Day  "In the Arab world today, we get a more informed perspective than you do" Yellow Times Suspended Again Tim O'Reilly and Mitch Kapor at PC Forum 2003 Al Jazeera in English Launches Kynn with background on Al Jazeera Online New York Times Online Readers React to Michael Moore @ Oscars PHP function I'd never heard of: fgetcsv() The Philosopher of Islamic Terror Fascinating Sound invention phpDocumentor (via Sassy) The European Central Bank offers an XML feed of current Euro exchange rates My political compass is apparently:Economic Left/Right: -3.25Authoritarian/Libertarian: -4.87 -- what's yours? I was a naive fool to be a human shield for Saddam 'W' is a hottie? Making Bush tell the truth: The media have to be tougher on the Bush administration's tendency to dissemble -- especially when it comes to war  (from 2002) Son of Saddam: As Iraq's top Olympic official, Uday Hussein is accused of the torture and murder of athletes who fail to win Articulate Defense of Antiwar Protesters Todd B's NYC Protest Pictures Ranty! Mailman considered Harmful  Just More Misc, Nothing Personal Today  blogdex popdex popdex: "War on Iraq" popdex: "Anti-war" popdex: "Protesting the protesters" technorati technorati: last 3 hours technorati: top 100 recent interesting blogs daypop daypop: top 40 daypop: top news bursts  and some inside-baseball links, about who's linking to whom  blogrolling: top 100 blo.gs: most watched blogs myelin: blogging ecosystem truth laid bear blogging ecosytem  posted to nettimeblog aggregators worth looking at  Media giant's rally sponsorship raises questions Myths and misconceptions about Iraq  Learn Object Oriented Programming (OOP) the simple way! Clinton: Trust Tony (Blair's) Judgement AWStats - an open source stats package Just the Beginning: Is Iraq the opening salvo in a war to remake the world?  A Long, Winding Road to a Diplomatic Dead End CDC: Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) (Current news on SARS) Perl and Java - lesson - use the right tool for the right job; also, when coding, it's not just about building it, it's about maintaining it too New "Official" Chistina Aguilera fansite: xtinaxposed.com A Fish Talks on the War Robin Cook's 11 1/2 minute speech resigning from thegovernment over the Iraq War Legislature of New Mexico voices displeasure with USA Patriot Act - interesting development Great Iraq                  Conflict Coverage Gallery from CyberJournalist.net ActionScript Module for BBEdit News analysis: France and Germany wondering if matters have gone too far (note: From 19 March) Against the War - For Now So far I've not seen this kind of "hypersecurity" An alternative to MacStumbler is iStumbler for OS X The Cyberterrorism Big Lie New Section 508 Checker The president's real goal in Iraq Sad: Ethics in Technology christinaaguilera.to/ has relaunched. finally. Unauthorized Entry: The Bush Doctrine: War without anyone's permission The guy who hacked the gameshow Press Your Luck David Hartwell, a senior editor at Tor (on the science fiction publishing game) Marvel (Comics) Movie Doomsday Theory  Link-O-Rama - some war, some tech, some misc So now I've been on the radio twice, once on KPBS's The Lounge, and last month, talking about current issues in web design, on These Days. Here's the RealAudio of that show, also added as a link on the ever growing Writing &amp; Citations page.Radio Show, Online Took it pretty easy for yesterday. But now I have other discomforts. Turns out when they list "constipation" as a side-effect of vicodin, you should believe them. Metamucil is a new friend. I probably will switch to just ibuprofen for pain relief pretty soon. This shouldn't have this side effect. All I can think of is that hit Avril Lavigne song -- but with the word "constipated" replacing the word "complicated" Now, I will continue to do as little as possible. Rest. Relaxation. Good day. And take pity on we, the uncomfortable. (onward) Brief, and Not for the Faint of Heart.So today's email from Mom says:

Goodmorning Sunshine and Happy Birthday! ! !  When you were born Dad had just left for war and now we are in another one.

Anyway, happy to hear that you are doing as well as expected.  I offered up mass yesterday morning for a good operation and a very good recovery.  Leah is taking excellent care of you, I can tell.  I am most grateful to her.

Thanks Mom! ! ! Yeah. Things are good for me and my mouth. And I'm happy to have a new birthday gift of a whole new mouth. And I've gotten many messages of love and support from friends online and off. It feels good. And yes, I wish war were not happening. But this is life.

THE UPDATES
yesterday:  my mouth was numb all day, i sounded ridiculous i'm trying to write down as much of this as possible for some kinda written piece i did drink some water early on, difficult i tried some mango juice - too tart 7up is just right as a beverage - always has been a comfort beverage when i've been ill vicodin, and taking it regularly is a good deal i had no trouble sleeping at all last night, which is great i can now use my mouth fine, and there's no numbness involved -- the doc told me there was risk of prolonged numbness in my jaw because apparently my lower jaw nerves are huge (prominent even on x-ray!) - but i have none of that i can talk fine now - probably about 6pm (surgery +9 hours) I could talk fine i had chocolate pudding and mashed bananas (with some kind of whey/protein thing from leah's roommate mixed in, so i got *some* protein yesterday) over the course of the day the bleeding on the sockets cleared up - initially it was pretty heavy - not a pleasant thing to put gauze in, and have bright red blood on there - but by the end of the day, that was clear  today:  more taking it easy some comic books and books maybe some books on tape leah will be working, and i will be bedresting today's big challenge will be dinner with mashed potatoes and did i mention taking it easy?  i feel like i'm making excellent progress. also, the oral surgeon did a followup phone call last night - i thought that was pretty cool. if anyone in the san diego area needs a recommendation for an oral surgeon, i got one.

And speaking of caregivers, yes, Leah has been wonderful. Mashed me up bananas. What more could a boy ask for?

and the diagnosis is: ONWARDMoms Rock (or rather, MY MOM ROCKS) Good so far. Pain bad after lengths of sleep of 4 hours. Vicodin is my body's best friend, outside the natural healing process. Clotting ROCKS. So we're at war now. Feh. Lots of good thoughts on WebSanDiego.org's birthday on the list. What a dynamic and wonderful group that is. Proud to have lit the fuse on that. In a few hours, a birthday for me. For now, I'm worn out from about 40 minutes of email and pudding. Small UpdateI'm Alive. Math Problem: Joe-4 Teeth+Rest = Yet Another New Version of Joe The surgery went well. I'm gonna write all about it - but it went great. My lower jaw still has no feeling; and I sound, "funny"; my mouth is full o' blood, but I feel pretty good considering a nice man in a mask ripped a bunch of original equipment out of my jaw. I have a comfy bed, 7up, juices, tv and some fresh comics at my bedside. Chilling out now. Or trying to. Lots of sleep and vicodin. Thanks for the commiseration, y'all. And don't expect lots of interaction with me this week. In other news, WebSanDiego.org turns 4 years old today. Onward.I'm Alive... In 10 hours or so I'll have 4 teeth -- wisdom teeth -- removed. I can hardly wait. I intend to take it VERY easy. Thanks for all the well-wishes. In 26 hours I'll be 33 years old. The idea here is that I'll be back to functional in maybe 3 days. Kynn says I had that done years ago.  It's not pleasant.  Hope you like the taste of your own blood. -- he actually means this in a good way. You have to know him. Many others have offered words of support and commiseration. And I appreciate all the good thoughts. So wish me luck. Not really certain when I'll be blogging again. But I intend to have a computer at my bedside. "Adventures in Tooth Drama" or something. Writing. Reading. The Doc says to take it very easy, and I intend to do that. In the meantime, go visit some of the sites in my sidebar over on the left. Some real good stuff there.Ten Hours to Tooth ExtractionJoe T says:
I saw that link to Italian Altavista, and I thought about a conversation we had before about that image.  Look at the attached JPG and tell me that picture doesn't look like the CD cover for a New Age album.  It's totally Joe Crawford bringing us the sounds of nature!

Check this:




- a photo creation of Joe T

The AltaVista post he mentions.

The post from before that had him comparing me to Yanni.

That JoeT makes me laugh so hard!The Ferreteer Makes Me Laugh  And so are a lot of the protesters. "Violence never solved anything." Really? Violence solved the Holocaust. "Bombs just make more terrorists." Really? We dropped more bombs on Vietnam than we dropped on Europe during World War II. Where are all the Vietnamese terrorists? "Innocent people will die." True enough--but innocent people are dying right now in Iraq. The left's selective empathy is shocking. My lefty pals feel the pain of Iraqi civilians--but only the pain that the U.S. inflicts or might inflict. You don't hear much from the left about the pain that Saddam Hussein inflicts. "War kills the innocent." No, the status quo in the Middle East kills the innocent--and as we've seen in Manhattan and Bali, not just the innocent in the Middle East. War at times is the only hope for an oppressed people--as each Iraqi refugee quickly informs the first Western reporter he can find. But, whatever, I'm against the war on Iraq now. Why? Because George W. Bush blew it. George W. Bush failed to make the case. George W. Bush wasn't able to convince NATO--NATO!--or the United Nations of the necessity of this necessary war. Now the Bush administration seems set on a course that may destroy NATO and the UN. I don't know about the Bushies, but I think a world without NATO and the UN will be more dangerous in the long run than a world without Saddam Hussein will be in the short run. So I'm against the war. Hey, when's the next peace march?  More at: AGAINST THE WAR--FOR NOW by Dan Savage Interesting on The War An image search for 'California' on the Italian version of AltaVista yielded me (on the 4th page of results)! Nifty!  Immagini Ricerca David Hyatt, a developer on Safari (a Mac web browser), has a great rant about the terrible rerporting coming out of news.com on browsers. Basically, CNET reporters don't appear to have done any research. It's good that MsHumm is alive and back in business. I had planned on giving blood this Monday (it's near where I work), but I'm now on antibiotics, which I believe rules me out. And more from the I'M ASHAMED OF MY COUNTRY department: Suitcase surprise: Rebuke written on inspection notice (via: IP) Quiet, short piece on Lawrence Lessig - also includes good links to find out more. answerbus, a great natural language search engine I wrote about a year ago, got the domain answerbus.com - good for them. And easier for me to remember! Read the latest Molly Ivins: she marvels at how we managed to piss off Canada, Mexico, Britain, The Pope, France (Molly notes that there are 6,000 French troops currently serving as peacekeepers in Afghanistan and the Balkans), and several nations in Africa. Yessiree. We're doing a great PR job. Iraq Links Germs for Weapons to U.S. and France Richard Perle admits we are going after Saddam whether he has weapons or not... invalidating all claims made by the administration about the reasons for this war. English Sans French -- HILARIOUS for language mavens. More Miscellaneous Links... Chocolate Muffin. Questionable Soy Milk.Foods of the Day So I had my appointment with the oral surgeon. It's going to be a short week. Wednesday morning at 8am pacific time I'm going under the knife. It'll be the first time I'll ever wear a pulse-oximeter so it matters for my healthcare. I like the Doc. Have a good thought, or a prayer, whilst I'm getting teeth forcibly extracted from my head. The new job is very understanding about the whole thing, and I'll be taking it way easy starting Wednesday and through the end of the weekend. Onward.Not Thinking About Much ElseDental Update
Briefly: I'm scheduled for oral surgery on Wednesday. Kids, please remember to floss, so you're not like your Uncle ArtLung. Really. I have much much much much more to write about all of this, but probably not today. Leave it at the fact that I have mega-mouthwash, antibiotics for my abscess, and Vicodin PRN (PNR is something every medical person knows, but not many of my regular readers will know - a google search reveals it as Latin, and is stands for Pro Re Nata, meaning  Whenever Necessary, or "as needed"). So far I've only needed it twice. I accidentally took some Saturday, to comic effect, and have labeled my meds better now.

Love,

JoeDental Update Oh, great.  Mohammed Sayed Tantawi, a reformist who, as the grand sheik of Al Azhar University, was one of the first clerics to condemn the September 11 attacks and to dismiss Osama bin Laden's jihadi credentials as fraudulent, ruled that attempts to resist an American attack are a "binding Islamic duty", and he asked Arab leaders to block any aggression against Iraq. Maligned previously as a pro-Western reformer, despite his support for Palestinian suicide bombers, Tantawi's new stance shows the extent of the realignment. Moderates and radicals now appear to be united and determined to oppose the American war. ... The big questions now are: how will the new calls to arms be translated in operational terms, and will the battlefield be limited to the Iraqi theatre?  ...from Osama must be laughing, in Melbourne's newspaper, The Age War now According-to-Hoyle Jihad Billy the Mountain If I listen to it 17 times, at the end of it my workday will be done. I'll also be slightly insane from the surreal madness of the darn thing.25 minute song of the day Easter was pretty good. I spent most of the weekend with Leah and her kids. Leah and I went to a little park in San Marcos and chilled out. It was great, and I even kicked some hacky sack with her two middle kids. The day was beautiful. I had planned to borrow a truck for the weekend from a good friend of mine, but was dismayed to note, a bit too late in the process, that said truck was not an automatic transmission. I think, perhaps, under duress I could summon my powers of driving technique and drive a straight transmission, but my confidence level is low. I've always hoped for a "straight transmission simulator" I could use to grow my confidence level. Alas, the practice I've had driving stick has been minimal. So, no car. So Easter morning, which was sprinkled with lovely Easter Bunny hats courtesy Leah and Me) and a lovely breakfast. Leah and her kids went to Easter services and I got on a bus, bound south for Crawford Holiday Activities. It took a while, but eventually I got far enough south that my Aunt was easily able to pick me up. On the way I got some strange news about a mutual acquaintance, about which I really can't say anything here, but suffice to say that fidelity and loyalty abused is a terrible thing. I feel for those who have been made to play the cuckold. I played ping pong with various cousins, kids, my uncle -- very good time, and I was able to not embarrass myself too badly with poor play. I'm surprisingly proud of my performance. I also threw a nerf football around with my cuz (he's 15) whose form with a football is an order of magnitude better than mine (he plays both football and baseball) ... his exhortations to "throw it like a tomahawk" were well intended, but no closer to my frame of reference than "throw it like a football." Continuing the theme of game-play, we played a game called Phase 10, a card game with Uno like cards and rules like a mush of Yahtzee and Rummy. That seems rather promising. I had also played "poker" with Leah and her kids on Friday night - and enjoyed it much, though it was poker modulated by rules to make it more "fun." This is I think poker is only poker when there are real stakes (e.g.: things of value, usually money), otherwise the game really doesn't have the necessary impetus to work. I believe it was in a David Mamet essay where I read that poker is not a game of chance, or a simple card game, it's a game specifically about playing against the wills of other human beings. Bluffs and raises are not inherent in games of skill or chance, they are about human manipulation. This entry is unfinished, and will remain so. Unfinished Blog Entry (Written on The Coaster The Other Day)  The Elements of User Experience by Jesse James Garrett looks to be a good book (via Kottke) Piles (something possibly for OS X) via Sassy How the Mosaic browser triggered a digital revolution Christina Aguilera, in a horrible pink dress Christina Aguilera as a brunette! (beware the popups and spyware installers!) Philip Greenspun has a blog! (remind me to add to my sidebar) Bob Sturm has a blog! (remind me to add to my sidebar) US Marine Slang Mailing And Posting Etiquette (remind me to add this to Administrativa Wirelessly Networking (AirPort, Wi-Fi, 802.11b, WLAN) a PowerBook 5300, 1400, 2400, 3400, or G3 With Mac OS 7.5 through 9.2: Step By Step New The Hulk Trailer I can't decide whether I like it or it looks cheesy Designer in Action: Pixel Fonts Open Source Font from Bitstream: Vera SARS: Panic or plague? Misinformation spreads even faster than the virus itself Do you trust Microsoft? Three-fourths of software security experts at major companies do not believe Microsoft's products are secure, according to a new survey from Forrester Research Motley Fool on Apple/Vivendi Universal Music Group - posting that it would be great for both companies, and more, great for consumers (that's us) Temecula Charity Turns Away Free Food because it's from a French Company STUPID STUPID STUPID SPEAKING OF.. Deborah Wolfe, a Canadian citizen who was just breast-feeding her son and changing his diaper while en route between Houston and Vancouver, says her  "subversive" actions led to her being threatened with detainment, RCMP (Royal Canadian Mountain Police) involvement and legal charges for terrorist action against a U.S. citizen in  international airspace while on an American flight during a time of war: Breast-feeding in a time of war So who really did save Private Jessica? A recent Washington  Post article describing the killing of civilians by U.S. soldiers at a  checkpoint outside the Iraqi town of Najaf  proved that "embedded" journalists do have the ability to report on war in all  its horror. But the rejection by some U.S. outlets of Post correspondent  William Branigin's eyewitness account in favor of the Pentagon's sanitized  version suggests that some journalists prefer not to report the harsh reality of  war. See Official Story Vs. Eyewitness Account: On Najaf killings, some outlets seem to prefer  the sanitized version  And Some More Time For a Link Dump!  Information on the recent lawsuits filed by the RIAA against four college students for contributory and direct copyright infringement seeking damages of up to $97,800,000,000. An analysis of the RIAA's complaint against Dan Peng OBVIOUSLY, I AM A NIGERIAN AND NOT A FRENCH IN ALL RAMIFICATION. AND I HAVE NO BUSINESS IN RELATION TO FRENCH,JUST THAT A FRIEND OF MINE TOLD ME ABOUT THEIR INTERNET SERVICES OF WHICH I HAD TO GIVE A TRIAL TO TEST THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THEIR INTERNET SERVICES. SO, IT MIGHT INTEREST YOU THE MORE THAT THIS TRANSACTION HAS GOT NOTHING TO DO WITH FRENCH ALLIANCES.  Web Design Meetup from March (that's me) Great quote: "Sir my concern is not whether God is on our side. My great concern is to be on God's side." - Abraham Lincoln Good story on the Administrations Intentions in the Iraq Region: Practice to Deceive: Chaos in the Middle East is not the Bush hawks' nightmare scenario--it's their plan Java IDE worth looking at, by IBM, open source: Eclipse Meet Stew, the best songwriter in America, and his Negro Problem Crypto-Gram, from April, great as usual Java Naming Conventions Send a drawing to a friend - nifty application of Flash and databases (Imagination at Work!) Better Airline Safety Is in the Bag: Matching checked luggage to actual passengers is required everywhere but in the U.S. Why is the TSA so stubbornly resisting? Copy protected CDs: artists can be the losers Lawsuit accuses LAPD officer of selling celebrity data Comment: abusing information is not anything new - when the government collects information - cops will look, and often, there are abuses - think about this when you agree to new surveillance powers and imformation keeping by the US government Digging through data for omens: The government begins sifting databases to find clues to terrorism in the making Rare Neal Stephenson speech on May 1: On May 1 at 1:30 Pacific Daylight Time, Neal Stephenson will deliver a live lecture at CMU in Pittsburgh that will be simultaneously webcast. Why I'm Not A Writer by Philip Greenspun The Reason Why by George McGovern - worth a read:  Following the 9/11 tragedy at the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the entire world was united in sympathy and support for America. But thanks to the arrogant unilateralism, the bullying and the clumsy, unimaginative diplomacy of Washington, Bush converted a world of support into a world united against us, with the exception of Tony Blair and one or two others. My fellow South Dakotan, Tom Daschle, the US Senate Democratic leader, has well described the collapse of American diplomacy during the Bush Administration. For this he has been savaged by the Bush propaganda machine. For their part, the House of Representatives has censured the French by changing the name of french fries on the house dining room menu to freedom fries. Does this mean our almost sacred Statue of Liberty--a gift from France--will now have to be demolished? And will we have to give up the French kiss? What a cruel blow to romance. During his presidential campaign Bush cried, "I'm a uniter, not a divider." As one critic put it, "He's got that right. He's united the entire world against him." In his brusque, go-it-alone approach to Congress, the UN and countless nations big and small, Bush seemed to be saying, "Go with us if you will, but we're going to war with a small desert kingdom that has done us no harm, whether you like it or not." This is a good line for the macho business. But it flies in the face of Jefferson's phrase, "a decent respect to the opinions of mankind." As I have watched America's moral and political standing in the world fade as the globe's inhabitants view the senseless and immoral bombing of ancient, historic Baghdad, I think often of another Jefferson observation during an earlier bad time in the nation's history: "I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just."  Squeak - interesting programming environment War coverage with personal touch emerges about blogging "The problem with communication is the assumption it has been accomplished." - George Bernard Shaw. 50 Most Loathsome New Yorkers  Time For a Link Dump! So I just got a hit from a yahoo search for "saudi arabia girls xxx". This is amusing, yes, I mentioned Saudi Arabia the other day, and blocked out a recruiter's info with xxx's. And yes, I mentioned girls. Alas, this site is not likely to satisfy the desires of someone who is looking for saudi arabia girls xxx. Search engines are bad at "understanding" but they sure do find search terms well. How else do people reach this site? Check this. Unlikely to Satisfy The Negro Problem: The Teardrop Explodes Lyle Lovett: Skinny Legs The Negro Problem: Lime Green Sweater Electronic: Getting Away With ItCurrent Heavy Rotation So I'm back. Been busy. Hrm. Belated Happy Easter and Passover to you All. Catching up on email now.Back. Okay. So, taxes. Taxes were the monkey on my back for several weeks. I intended to do them. I put them off. I opened the box where every receipt under the sun from 2002 lived. I pondered. I procrastinated. I worried. I went on a road trip Sunday before last to buy TurboTax for Mac, which has been wondrous for me in getting taxes sorted out for 4 years. Of course, we went out at 7pm, and apparently every possible vendor of TurboTax for Mac in San Diego (Fry's, Staples, The Apple Store) is closed at 7pm on a Sunday. Go figure. So on my lunch hour I walked out to the local Office Depot and got it. It was a lovely day too. Sun shining. Downtown near the water can be really zesty. Office girls, businessmen, homeless all doing their respective lunch groove things. Tourists wandering near Santa Fe Depot. Traffic steady. I brought TurboTax home. Loaded it up. Put in some raw figures. Tap Tap. Estimates. Tap Tap. W-2. 1099. Computes. Computes. It looked bad. It looked horrendously bad. It looked to me like I was going to owe $2400. I pondered. I procrastinated. I wondered about extensions and payment options. Maybe it's time to go on the lam? I considered leaving the country. The expatriate thought is not an idle one. As a credentialed and licensed Respiratory Care Practitioner, I sometimes get email like this, and just got this a few days ago:  Hi Joe, I came across your details and wondered if you would be open for new opportunities in Saudi Arabia for a respiratory therapist position. I have a number of positions available with xxxxxxxxx on good contract terms. Please let me know. Rgds, xxxxxx xxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxx Phone: +xx (x) xxxx xxxxxx Mobile: +xx (x) xxxx xxxxxx Email: xxxx@xxxxxx.xxxx Address: xx xxx xxxx xxxx xx xxx xxx  I have known several Docs, Nurses, RTs and such who have worked in Saudi Arabia and several other Arabian states. But it's difficult to imagine me doing this. Still, my impression is the money is good, and one is treated well. But given the current instability of the "Middle East" (you know it's actually a bit offensive to call it that, right? "Middle East" implies that we are in the center of things, and all others - Far East, Middle East, are simply "The Other" with regards to us). Anyway, given my financial situation (could be much better, but always incrementally improving lately, albeit slowly), I considered for more than the usual half-a-second. Why not take the gig? I don't have encumbrances. I am a free agent. If I could invest time in something which would be of short duration (typically contracts are six months to a year I believe) and lucrative, why not do it? It would be a tactical, short duration, Machiavellian move designed to make bank, and grab some stories in the meantime. Live and blogging from Riyadh! It's Joe "ArtLung" Crawford, Boy Respiratory Therapist, Follow his Daring Misadventures as he sucks snot and journals on life, love and cardiopulmonary ailments from the exotic climes of Saudi Arabia! So I half-seriously pondered it for a few days. Okay, quarter-seriously. Then I picked up the current issue of The Atlantic, paper magazine. I read the article "The Fall of the House of Saud" and I was stunned. Wow. Pick it up. Saudi Arabia is a mess. And we rely on them. They apparently have a trillion bucks in our banks. They have a messed up royal family. They are repressive. They are not cool. They have so many oil people, congressmen, pr people, Washingtonians, Texans, and the like in their pockets it's not even funny. Colin Powell used to be the racquetball buddy of Prince Bandar. Prince Bandar used to come by the Kennebunkport compound of the bushes so often his nickname was "Bandar Bush." And the intelligence agencies of our fair nation are not allowed to question Saudi Arabian nationals in their nation to, you know, investigate that 9/11 thing that we were so upset about a few years ago. But enough about the geopolitical ramifications of US dependence on Saudi Arabian oil. Back to my taxes. So I went to family dinner the other night (lots of my relations meet and talk and stuff). I relayed my worries. My aunt, the certified financial planner and accountant, was not there, but I passed along my worries. On Saturday she and I played racquetball. (Good games!) She also asked about taxes, and made suggestions for how to go about it - home office, new computer depreciation. Utilities. Mileage. I filed this all in my brain. Still procrastinating. But maybe a little hopeful. So Monday, April 14th. I finally buckled down and did the do. Leah helped me go through the scary office box of papers. We went through receipts, bank statements, notes, invoices, EVERYTHING. TurboTax keeps this running tally. I put in new items. I owed $1600. Hey -- hope! Eventually, several hours later, it was done. But my Aunt had wanted to review it, and I had told her I would bring it by on Monday night. It was now 1:30am. It's been raining here in San Diego, so I ziploc'd up my California and State of California returns, and Leah took me to my Aunt's and I dropped it on her windshield. I hit my Aunt with an email. When I awoke, there was a new email from my Aunt... I was hoping I hadn't done anything to get me sent to jail, that I had not misunderstood my friendly tax software. She said:  Looks okay-  oh, wait what are the utilities on line 25, Schedule C-phone I hope.    Your other utilities sb listed on office in home section. Good job.  Good Job. GOOD JOB. SCORE! From my Aunt, this is HIGH HIGH PRAISE. I felt just like that pig at the end of Babe when the James Cromwell says "That'll do, Pig." And the final tally? I owed The IRS $399. I owed California $165. Not bad. And I don't have to go to Saudi Arabia. Okay, maybe I was never going to go to Saudi Arabia, probably. But still, it's more dramatic to think in these kind of terms. That'll do, Pig. Taxes, The House of Saud, and Babe I've been remiss in not mentioning the new column by Leah at writersmonthly.us -- Stories Overheard -- Dude Like Duh Funny cool stuff. And yes, this is the same Leah who has beaten me at Air Hockey twice.Leah Peterson, Columnist New Header! for the blog. Permanent URL: Header 12 April 2003. I like it. A composite of 3 photos I took at the Belmont Park Roller Coaster. Definitely a continuation of the theme from 15 February 2003. And yes, the haircut is short.New Header From Here at the Western World:  Ruthie will give you the silver key To open the red door Lay down your Jackson and you will see The sweetness you've been cryin' for In the night you hide from the madman You're longing to be But it all comes out on the inside Eventually Knock twice, rap with your cane Feels nice, you're out of the rain We got your skinny girl Here at the Western World Lyric of the DaySo I got a rematch with Leah (she beat me 8-2 the other day) yesterday.

She beat me 7 to 3 instead.

Incidentally, few things are worse than the feeling of scoring on yourself in Air Hockey.

I only did that once though.Rematch, Still Beaten Today is Sassy's Birthday And I forgot my good friend and roommate, Erin's birthday yesterday. Happy Birthday! Maybe I need to save these dates somewhere so I don't forget them? Birthdays Apparently Dropped 2 mailing lists today. Too much email. As in, I still get too much email -- but now I'll have less interminable nattering in my inbox. Good discussion lists are civil places to be. I have no need for places of incivility and rudeness and pedantry. The world is that way, and I like my places to talk and socialize to not be so much like the world. If a private club is just like the whole world, what's the point of the private club?Slimming Down (in ListServ land) Leah beat me 8 to 2 at Air Hockey. I want a rematch!!!Yesterday So what's new with Joe? Lost in the aether? Lost in space? Lost in the public transit system of San Diego County somewhere? Or maybe it's D) NONE OF THE ABOVE Things are pretty good, actually. The non-sequitur-formatted update: Yesterday I got a hug from my mother-in-law who was visiting from Miami Yesterday I gave even more old photos and frames to my estranged wife I'm glad we are still amicable I still have not filed for divorce, but today I'm working on the papers Procrastination is still a problem Friday was a great day, my Grandma made me a carrot cake for my birthday Friday I enjoyed fish and chips I'm still enjoying the bus I'm still not likely to get a bike I have no room for a bike here, really rudy and my aunt still think I should get a bike I'm still seeing Leah Leah is a great thing in my life Work is good, still There is more to tell in the work arena, but not in public Saturday I played some great intense racquetball with an aunt and uncle I'm behind in my reading My roommate gave me an audiobook of The Tennis Partner some weeks ago, and I'm finally finishing it, and it is moving but depressing Last week I bought some new pants, smaller than before Still making progress on the size/weight front I feel I'm in better health than I have been in perhaps 6 years We went through the time change today, and I again wonder why we don't simply leave things in Daylight Savings Time The other night Leah and I did some sketching together, and it was really, calmly, quietly wonderful Compared with last year at this time, I have 4 less teeth Compared with last year, a higher percentage of my teeth are in good shape I got a cell phone not long ago, and so far it's been very useful I'm loathe to give the number to lots of people though, as it is possible to abuse Today my back aches, I think from the racquetball yesterday I worry about the health of my roommate, and am still unsure of what I can possibly say or do to help, other to wish encouragement For my birthday, Leah gave me a great stamp of my ArtLung logo, and today I have put it to good use in some paper correspondence Today I'm organizing my backpack Today my hair is uncombed Today I am chilled out OnwardCurrent Events I got some peculiar referers here on the blog, check these three recent entries:  http://homeland.fbi.gov/Watchlists/suspect/view.jsp?record=837559 http://homeland.fbi.gov/Watchlists/suspect/view.jsp?record=470712 http://homeland.fbi.gov/Watchlists/suspect/view.jsp?record=585604  From the IP address: 66.12.154.134 Looks like a joke or something. I wonder if anyone else is seeing these?Ever get the feeling you're being watched?  Interesting: Iraq-O-Meter This is a really fun read: Michael Larsen, Game Show Legend: The lesson? Paying attention can pay. It looks like the fellow's life was rather sad though, but for a moment, he was on top of the world. Interesting theory about how Marvel Movies prop up Marvel Comics: The Marvel Movie Doomsday Theory Another good looking search engine software: ASPSeek:  (from Andy/waxpancake) Useful service from the US Postal Service, looks economical too! NetPost Mailing Online Something from back in February that's really funny, commentary on the Grammy's: Jonesing for Norah Math is hard to teach. In college I did a fair amount of tutoring in math and physics, and I really wish teachers were able to better explain the relevance of math, this study shows a way - and is an indictment of teaching to "get answers" - math should not be about "getting answers" - it should be about asking good questions. My pal Kynn, with some laffs and press coverage: Fat Nerd Offers Non-Star Trek Related Opinion on Internet Hmmm A double standard on dissent A programming language I forgot about: Squeak Pre-register for the State of California Do-Not-Call Program Quote of the day: "The problem with communication is the assumption it has been accomplished." - George Bernard Shaw Al Jazeera is an important phenomenon, and we (the US Government) should not be squelching it any more than we should squelch FoxNews. Read more about it in The Belly of the Beast SARS: The global spread continues from Asia TImes Really vicious, but pretty funny: 50 Most Loathsome New Yorkers For world news, I want to look at worldnews.com more  Back to Random Links15 years ago I learned something critical and important about myself. It's beyond the scope of this blog to talk specifics, but let's simply say that I made some greivous mistakes in my youth, for which I have atoned. I will never forget these lessons, and the people who have helped me be a better person over the years.

The world is upended right now, and things are upended for me a bit at the moment, but this too shall pass, with determination, hard work, and some proper meditative calm.

So.

Probably none of this makes sense, but that's fine. I'm thinking too much about my audience for this blog and not about what what matters. What matters is that this is a space for me to bleed on the page. A place for me to work stuff out.

So hey. Time to do that.

I'm sick of the war. Not of the media coverage. The war. I'm displeased with the revealed vapidity of the press, which seems to think wars are quick, bloodless affairs, and are shocked, shocked to see that human beings are turned to mush by war. I've seen a fair number of broken, bloody bodies in my medical background, and warfare is the creation of carnage and destruction. And I don't like it. This is not so much a political opinion I'm voicing here, just an observation that I feel sick in my heart when I look at news of almost any kind. For example, here's the... Quote of The Day: An American Serviceman in Iraq
"When I go home, people will want to treat me like a hero, but I'm not," he told the Times. "I'm a Christian man. If I have to kill the other guy, I will, but it doesn't make me a hero. I just want to go home to my wife and kids."  From Town becomes horrific battleground

And it's true, Americans are shocked that this is not a "cakewalk" - and yet this is what the populace says it wants, Saddam is a bad man, and he must be removed.

How many bad men run countries around the world? Are we going to deploy men and women to depose all of them?

As my Grandmother might say: It makes me want to spit!

And then I read articles like this: War-Gamed: Why the Army shouldn't be so surprised by Saddam's moves

In which we find that in the wargames that we have played for scenarios that are something like Iraq-Invasion '03, the side playing the faux-Iraqis was chastised for playing his role too well.

And that makes me want to spit too. What in the hell are we doing by playing wargames against glass-jawed opponents? If you're going to spar, you should spar with someone who's going to challenge your skills. Stacking the deck, putting a finger on the scale -- however you choose to describe it, it's not a good thing to cheat the military of challenging opponents.

Because certainly the enemy faced in Iraq is a challenging opponent.

In terms of a conventional army, they're not challenging. No.

But as far as irregular forces, which have the capacity to kill, to trick, to use subterfuge, car bombs, suicide attacks, they can certainly hurt Americans well enough to provide death to American servicemen. I weep this night for the dead men.

How much of this will our forces endure?

There are people going back into Iraq to fight: War against Iraq stirs Arab Pride:  In contrast to the knee-jerk expressions of support for Hussein that are often heard among Iraqis, he carefully avoided saying anything about the Iraqi president. His desire to return, it seemed, had little to do with Hussein and everything to do with loyalty to country.

"I am going back to defend the Iraqi people; to defend the old women of Iraq; the old men of Iraq; the land of Iraq," said the 33-year-old Shiite. "Do you allow someone to enter your home and force you out of it. They have put up the American flag in Umm Qasr. This is not liberation. This is occupation."  National pride, for a nation with a dictator? It's difficult for my brain to process such thinking, and yet there it is.

Meanwhile, I think of the Pictures of the Day
Amazing images of the war. Images of war

I have so much yet to learn about myself and the world. I'm always learning new things about this world and what it takes to survive and be a healthy person. With some hard work I'll keep getting better.

I'm up too late. Time to sleep.No Fooling. Tomorrow I'm getting a root canal. Wish me luck. And next week? Another root canal! My life's so exciting! Blatant Plea for Sympathy Saturday is Free Comic Book Day And Leah and I saw the film Raising Victor Vargas the other day, for free. It's a little foulmouthed, but altogether the message is really cool. It's about a kid, and his brother and sister and the Grandmother who raised him, growing up in the city. Worth a visit if you like small, funny, bawdy, independent movies.Speaking of Free So on my lunch hour I got my Free cone. Flavor choice? Oatmeal Cookie Chunk ... in the sugar cone of course. Verdict? Tasty. Not sure how much my 0.7 mile each way walked it off though.Free Cone, Gotten  Have a magnificent Monday!  - The Coaster driver this morning: There may be something about driving a train, or riding in trains that makes one want to make affirmations and be philosophical. Blogging does that too maybe. So, like, do have a magnificent Monday.Quote of the day:Today I'm enjoying Randy Newman. I can't exactly remember when I first picked up the Randy Newman box set, but I believe it was right after Jennifer left me. I've been listening to Newman for a year or so now, and I believe him to be a genius.

I distinctly remember asking fellow coworkers and friends whether I should get obsessed with Randy Newman or Warren Zevon. In the end I decided on Newman.

Here's a citation from last June, where I quote Bleeding all over the place - a lament for a lover or wife who has cheated and left. So we know at the very least I started in June 2002.

In that time I've come to really appreciate Newman. His voice astonishes. He's an artist who can ably sing songs sung by truly odious characters. One of his best songs, Sail Away is a song sung to a would-be slave about how great America is:

Ain't no lions or tigers, ain't no mamba snake
Just the sweet watermelon and the buckwheat cake
Ev'rybody is as happy as a man can be
Climb aboard, little wog, sail away with me

Sail away
Sail away
We will cross the mighty ocean into Charleston Bay
Sail away-sail away
We will cross the mighty ocean into Charleston Bay

He's also astonishingly funny. Political Science is in the voice of the put-upon USA, deciding the best thing is just to be done with it and bomb everybody:

Asia's crowded and Europe's too old
Africa is far too hot
And Canada's too cold
And South America stole our name
Let's drop the big one
There'll be no one left to blame us

We'll save Australia
Don't wanna hurt no kangaroo
We'll build an All American amusement park there
They got surfin', too

In addition to pithy, smartass lyrics, the man is a real musician, well, at least he composes in the format where most people hear classical music -- the movies! He's done scores for The Natural, Ragtime, Parenthood, and many others. Check out his imdb page - James and the Giant Peach, Toy Story, wow! Even I hadn't any idea he was involved with so many films.

So now you're skeptical. You're thinking, "isn't this the same guy who wrote 'I will go sailing no more' and 'Short People' and 'I love L.A.' -- this guy's nothing but a novelty-song writer!

I respectfully disagree. Songs like Dixie Flyer, God's Song, Real Emotional Girl show an artist who can tap into subjects and depth. I do think his best work is in a voice that's peculiar. He inhabits these characters and shows a bit of their humanity, as well as their faults. He's fearless in that way, unafraid to include racial epithets and the rawest slang to make his characters come alive. His work is really challenging, and makes me uncomfortable often. I certainly would not want my headphones to come out at work and have to explain why I have a song with these lyrics playing:

We're rednecks, rednecks
And we don't know our ass from a hole in the ground
We're rednecks, we're rednecks
And we're keeping the niggers down

That's from Rednecks. And yes, it's quite a shocking song. It was released in 1974, 30 years ago. The song of course talks about a bald-faced racism of some Southerners, but also points out that the North is not much better, blacks are free, but only to a point:

Yes he's free to be put in a cage
In Harlem in New York City
And he's free to be put in a cage in the South-Side of Chicago
And the West-Side
And he's free to be put in a cage in Hough in Cleveland
And he's free to be put in a cage in East St. Louis
And he's free to be put in a cage in Fillmore in San Francisco
And he's free to be put in a cage in Roxbury in Boston
They're gatherin' 'em up from miles around
Keepin' the niggers down

I really like the way that Newman seems to be trying to get us to have a laugh at the ignorance of these fools "Hustlin' 'round Atlanta in their alligator shoes" - then switches it around on the listener, as if to say, "Oh, you think you're enlightened do you? Well here's your own treatment of your fellow man, jack"

The thing is, it's not a protest song, and how could it be. With a chorus that includes the "N" word, it's hardly radio-friendly. It's the voice of an artist with a unique and ambiguous point of view. He simply paints portraits of the world as he sees it, and lets the cards fall where they may. How about another song, another pleasant sounding ballad/lament: I want you to hurt like I do, which includes a sad truth about how so often we wish ill on others, perhaps not because we are bad, but because often we ourselves are not happy:

If I had one wish
One dream I knew would come true
I'd want to speak to all the people of the world
I'd get up there, I'd get up there on that platform
First I'd sing a song or two you know I would
Then I'll tell you what I'd do
I'd talk to the people and I'd say
"It's a rough rough world, it's a tough tough world
Well, you know
And things don't always, things don't always go the way we plan
But there's one thing, one thing we all have in common
And it's something everyone can understand
All over the world sing along

I just want you to hurt like I do
I just want you to hurt like I do
I just want you to hurt like I do
Honest I do, honest I do, honest I do"

And on the other end of the spectrum, here's a song called "Laugh and Be Happy"

laugh and be happy
don't you ever wear a frown
don't let the bastards grind you down
laugh and be happy
it's a simple thing to do
believe in your dreams and
your dreams will come through for you

Which contains such a great section I have to include it:

now the country that we're living in
you mean the good old usa?
thats right!
has never been about keeping you out
it's about inviting you in and letting you pay

so laugh and be happy
don't you ever wear a frown
get back up on your feet whenever they knock you down

And that's I guess the great thing about being a fan of artists with careers of a great length. There's a richness about having had a great deal of time to live life and make songs. Frank Zappa is an obvious parallel artist for me, having had a 30 year career as well. Newman is still alive and producing records, too.

If this has piqued your interest in Randy Newman, I encourage you to check out the The Randy Newman Homepage, which has an extensive biography, including more information about the controversies surrounding some of Newman's songs. Randy Newman TAIKONAUT! I love that. (see previous post).Oh yeah: How the heck does Bruce Sterling find such interesting takes on topics? Oh, yeah, he's educated and awake to the world. I love that guy. Here's a quote.  China has openly declared its desire to colonize the moon. The world's most populous nation is unlikely to build lunar settlements, but that's not the point. China's motive lies not in constructing a lunar Hong Kong, but rather in luring India into a loud public competition. Later this year, if all goes as planned, China will become the third country to send a citizen into space. An orbiting taikonaut will be even more impressive if American shuttles are stuck in their hangars while the misnamed International Space Station limps along with a skeleton crew. As Russia once did, China has a strong technical advantage. It already owns a chunk of the commercial space-launch business. But India has a decent shot at victory as well. It doesn't have China's manufacturing know-how, but it's rapidly becoming the world's software back office. Who will become top dog in South Asia? That's an open question, and there aren't many good ways to answer short of a useless massacre. A space race offers a good solution. It's a symbolic tournament that tests competing political and economic systems to their limit. A decade after the end of the Cold War, good old-fashioned space programs still matter. Not for exploration's sake, but to settle new cold wars. If you doubt it, imagine this scenario: It's 2029, and a lunar mission lands at Tranquillity Base. A crew of heroic young Indians - or Chinese - quietly folds and puts away America's 60-year-old flag. If the world saw that on television, wouldn't the gesture be worth tens of billions of rupees or yuan? Of course it would.  Revisiting Tranquility Base would be something else. India, China, Space Race Tim Swanson has some  interesting thoughts on MT's EULA (End User License Agreement). I always wondered about that. It's one of the reasons I've avoided MT, frankly. I would prefer more control over software. And if you intended to make money with MT, you would be going outside the typical use. Does that include tips, as in paypal or Amazon tips? Many questions.MovableType's EULA, does it stand up?  Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom by Thomas Jefferson Are You a Geek? Help Dennis W make Robot Radio Happen. Read all about it! Some Cheesecake: Marilyn Monroe on Retrocrush TypePad - hosted MovableType Compare and Contrast: Phil Greenspun: Isreal and Adib F. Farha: An Arab Assessment of US Policy in the Middle East", - the Greenspun article particularly made me think about hatred, hatred of Jews, and the charters of several Arab groups, which include language decrying the state of Isreal's existence, and specifically call for armed, guerilla activity. That one really made me think. Independents' day: What record industry slump? Independent labels say business has never been better Listening In: Are the glory days of electronic spying over -- or just beginning? I agree with this review of Anger Management by Roger Ebert -- Leah and I saw it and were very disappointed by what could have been I mentioned it before, but The Atlantic's article "The Fall of the House of Saud" really should be required reading for Americans interested in US Middle East Policy  I like being able to read on the bus. I'm currently reading John Kennedy Poole's A Confederacy of Dunces - very funny so far. I also occasionally print out longer articles and read them. This is a very cool aspect of public transport. I defy you to read current news in your car. Hee. Then again, one listens to more radio in a car than on a bus. I suppose I could get a walkman though. No dazzling insights today. Gotta head to work. More links and a few thoughts. More lyrics transcription. Well, I did this one a little while ago. But I'm putting them up lately: Laugh and Be Happy by Randy NewmanLaugh And Be HappyAn artist for whom I have a profound respect:


The Statue Song (Indoors Again)
My Damn Butterfly
Boomy Guitar Song
Miss Satan


Check this bit:  well i had to wake up sometime from
this dream of being real
they put me here exposed to the world
and expect me not to feel
so if you think your life's not going anywhere
please consider me dear friend
out here in the fog with the tourists and the dog
while you're indoors again
while you're indoors again

I'm a fan.New Stew Lyrics Transcribed  Kynn's OS X Book! (now I need to write a book, Kynn has TWO!) Operation Support Garner The Unofficial 802.11 Security Web Page (from john) How to Drive Fast on Drugs while getting your Wing-Wang Squeezed and not Spill Your Drink by P.J. O'Rourke (very very old, and very very naughty) The Psalms of David ColdFusion Module - FreeZip - Geographic Tools for ZipCodes Associated Press Puts Violent Words in Iraqi Protesters' Mouths (Banner) Byrd blasts Bush for 'flamboyant showmanship' with carrier speech Tenants Tune Into Free Wi-Fi I work a block from there Tool to Greek-Text-ize a site The Influence Component of Counterterrorism: A Systems Approach Slashdot interview with Michael Robertson Where are they, Mr. President? Pat Buchanan is way skeptical of President Bush's adventures in Iraq - I don't care for Buchanan, in fact I find him odious, but he does ask valid questions the administration Touching a Nerve: State walks away from breast-feeding case  And that's all I have to say about that. I want to try that WiFi in the American Plaza Building. And check out these cute renderings of San Diego Skyscrapers. It's Link Time Again! Jenny and I should file for dissolution tomorrow. Tonight played racquetball. I'm real tired. My roommate's still in the hosipital. Leftover chinese for dinner. Chilling. Filing So tonight I was the reflector-holder for Leah. She's doing photography for the new magazine for North County - the northern part of San Diego, North. northcountymag.com was supposed to be the domain, that's what's published, but it looks like it got taken away from them. That's a bummer, but things are looking up - I've perused it and it's a quality product looks like. Not just because Leah did pictures for it. Ha! She was photographing yummy food and I was literally the guy to hold a reflector. Look for it in an upcoming issue of North. You can see the pix Leah did from the magazine in leah's photo area. Very nifty. Also, her new column is up at writer's monthly - and it's another funny one. Check the older one too. And other Leah news? Monday we went and saw the documentary Rivers and Tides together, on the cheap (read: free), and visited Off The Record (we bought nothing!). We both really enjoyed the film. The artist portrayed, Andy Goldsworthy, is remarkable and really gifted. I'm normally very skeptical of artists who do installations or location-based art like a Christo, say, but this fellow I really found sympathetic. He really seems to care about his work, and did not strike me as snobbish in the least. The documentary is worth a look if you are a fan of art. I suppose that's it for now. Things are mellow and good for me. Not so much for many others I know. And that's all I have to say for now. Good night! Leah, Rocking  It's amazing to me that Bill "Book of Virtues" Bennett is a chronic gambler According to Eternal Night, Bruce "Schism Matrix"Sterling is working on a book called The Zenith Angle, for Del Rey Books. He says it's almost complete. Comic-Geeky: Blog of Galactus via Kynn Bob Edwards of NPR on Press Freedom Free Reference Books Online - xrefer via robotwisdom The amazing climber self-amputation story I want to be a blog mogul too! Hydra - neat idea, multi-user text editor (for MacOS X) Becoming a Patriot Concept Design looks like a very cool book Edgar F. Codd: 1923-2003 (via rudy) metacritic.com remind me to add this to my sidebar Links for a Monday Evening As my pal Matt Lee (Sassy) says:
We are dorks.
Read itWeb Programming as Cop ShowsSo it's been a year since the separation began that shook my worldview to its foundations. I was not what I thought.

Everything changed.

My marriage collapsed. In that time I've lost 85 pounds. I've fallen in and out of love. I've discovered I am weaker than I thought I was. I've discovered I'm stronger than I ever thought I was.

I discovered that anything is possible.

Onward.A Year Like No Other Check dictionary.com entry on dada.What is Dada?  Our 4th Amendment Rights At Work can this be true? Brett Jackson, Flash God How Much Surveillance Is Okay? Search IS Important Reflections on the 25th Anniversary of Spam Beware the giant creepy owl that wants you to get on the bus (via Kibo) JRuler is a great free screen ruler for Windows Kim Jong Il (the illmatic)'s Journal That Waxy fellow is interesting! Vandals target French Cleaners from march The topsites.us scam spam Convert DVD's to DivX under MacOS X Messing with script kiddies Install Linux from Scratch What's Michael Moore Hiding? Kynn digs my miscellany Jeff Bezos (of Amazon) in Space Bruce Springsteen supports the Dixie Chicks and free speech Doug Welch likes being cross-platform as much as me Security vulnerabilities in journalism I'd like to try AcquisitionX ... file sharing for OS X ColdFusion Bug: ColdFusion MX (on multihomed servers) displays wrong page Mac Sound Program: SoundHack Amazing if true: 1-Hour Arrest: When does a snapshot of a mother breast-feeding her child become kiddie porn? Ask the Richardson police. Jakob! Will text ads continue to rule? Speaking of text ads... Google AdWords Best Practices Find WiFi hotspots New Link Dump! Then Off To Work!I feel ornery.
But not bad.
Only one moment of horrible pain.
They re-dosed me with the injected anesthetic at that point.
Aaaaah.
Work good this week. Good developments there lately. Slightly more job security in the temp role.
Deliberately vague about that, as usual.
Leah brought me home.
But first, we went to the North Park Farmer's Market.
Snarfed up some hummus.
Some strawberries too.
I like that chick.
In news so huge I have no idea how to say it...
My roommate is in the hospital now.
Trouble with the discs in her back.
Terrible pain.
Makes my tooth pain seem trivial.
I wish her well.
It would once again be so nice to wave a magic wand and remove all suffering. Alas.

This is not the way things work.

Please, have a thought for those out there in pain and turmoil.

Some of us are lucky and only have a little pain.
Many have so much pain it's overwhelming.

This was stream-of-consciousness.

And yes, I'm behind on email.

I'm ornery, but I'll get over it.

and again I say... *Onward*Back From Root Canal, A Stream, Dada? Smorgasborg has been updated with comments and a sound file from Andreas Brantmo. Thanks Andreas! Who else gets cool Swedish web developers sending them pronunciaton .wav files? I'm blessed.SmorgasPronunciation Steve E. (who pointed me at Daniel Pipes in the first place) replies to other feedback on Daniel Pipes:  Joe, your approach reminds me of someone I once knew in grade school. While she was drawing a picture on a piece of paper, she would stop and press her finger firmly on the center of her paper and then spin the paper around the axis of her finger. When I asked her why she did that, she simply said she needed to see the picture from every angle. :-) Joe, I've done alot of research on the Middle East have travelled to both Israel and Egypt. I've personally met Daniel Pipes and liked him. Before anyone "decries" Daniel Pipes I recommend that they spend some serious time researching the issues. A good place to start is the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting, http://camera.org/   "Founded in 1982, the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America is a media-monitoring, research and membership organization devoted to promoting accurate and balanced coverage of Israel and the Middle East. CAMERA fosters rigorous reporting, while educating news consumers about Middle East issues and the role of the media. Because public opinion ultimately shapes public policy, distorted news coverage that misleads the public can be detrimental to sound policymaking. A non-partisan organization, CAMERA takes no position with regard to American or Israeli political issues or with regard to ultimate solutions to the Arab-Israeli conflict."  Then ask themselves a few questions:  "Whatever the root causes of the Palestinian-Israeli crisis, there are certain tragic cultural facts and differences that stand in the way of peace negotiations between the people of Israel and the Palestinians. No Israeli child has ever strapped a bomb to his back and gone off to kill civilian Palestinians, and yet the Palestinian leadership does too little to dispel the notion among its more extreme citizens that killing Israelis with a suicide bomb is the surest route to heaven. How can Israel deal with a population of parents that stand aside or even encourage their children to become martyrs?" "How can Yassir Arafat, whom Forbes Magazine says is worth more than three hundred million dollars, claim to be a leader who understands and represents an impoverished people when he has become rich at their expense?" "Is it too much to ask that the Palestinian leadership not sponsor terrorists? Is it unreasonable to insist that they stop killing innocent Israeli children before Israel jeopardizes her security and make concessions for peace?" "Why do Palestinian schools have pictures of suicide bombers hanging up in the hallways of their schools or celebrate them as martyrs? Why do they name sports teams in the West Bank after suicide bombers? How can Israel make peace with the Palestinian people when their leaders instill a culture of terror against the Israeli people?" "How can the Palestinian people end their impoverishment if their leaders continue to steal precious resources from them, which are then used to support terror?" "Why has Yassir Arafat been in power for so long, and yet made so little progress towards a peaceful resolution? If he were truly committed to peace, would he not have made a sincere effort to achieve it by now?" "When will the Palestinian people themselves have a voice at the peace table?"  Very good points. Thanks Steve! And yes, I do like to draw on all points of view. I've been lucky to have great points of view to draw from.Excellent Middle East Feedback  What I Hate About Your Programming Language The Will Edwards Band is opening up for the San Diego Symphony's Summer Pops on July 5, 2003 My quick summary of Matrix 2 was that it was only half a movie. Far too many plot threads were left dangling. I'm thinking of The Matrix Trilogy as not a trilogy. It's two movies. One short. One long. So we wait until November for the second half of movie 2. I felt pretty educated spotting Cornel West in the council meeting Mailman considered beneficial rebuttal to jwz A few weeks ago I went to Bandar with some colleagues. Awesome Persian food in downtown San Diego What is OPML? Outline Processor Markup Language New blog on social software: Many to Many I have always thought Norm Ornstein was cool. Bush Administration vs. Its Economists Environmentalists = Terrorists Letter from the French Ambassador Some great CSS @ Zen Garden ElekTex is a digital fabric. Awesome technology that will enable some really cool coats someday. "inside baseball" is an idiom I can't seem to find a direct explanation for. Though it's plentiful on the web, that's because it's such an obvious title for stories about Major League Baseball. I don't have a good definition, but it seems closely related to "inside the beltway," referring to the propensity of Washington insiders to talk about issues which only are of interest to those who live inside the confines of the Washington D.C. beltway, the highway that rings D.C. This is great: Testiomony from 1982 predicting that the VCR would kill the movie business. The best quote is from Jack Valenti, saying I say to you that the VCR is to the American film producer and the American public as the Boston strangler is to the woman home alone. There's a new free weekly for San Diego, Fahrenheit / sdfahrenheit.com - it's okay Another free magazine, which I picked up a few weeks ago, is Arthur - the issue I got has a great interview with Alan Moore  Oh The Links You'll Go I had a great weekend. I got to hear David Brin speak at an author's event Leah took me to. He was smart and relatively articulate. I think he was speaking off-the-cuff. Some great ideas, but a bit unfocused. I suspect when polished it would be a great talk. I went to a Writer's Monthly.us event, also very nice. I played racquetball on Saturday, and did well. I'm stuck weight-loss wise -- backslidin' a bit dietarily. I'm reclaiming the eye-of-the-tiger as of day-before-yesterday. Leah and I continue to have a great time together. Tonight we're going to go see the sequel to the Matrix. Everyone seems to be saying it's disappointing, but it's de rigueur to see it. So that's the plan. Today I attempted to shop for sunglasses downtown while taking a long walk. I like to make excuses to take long walks downtown. Sometime's it's a haircut. Sometimes it's to take a photo or two. Anything to keep moving, you know? My roommate has had nothing but drama. She will have back surgery tomorrow. I'm hopeful that it will be a good and useful and health-promoting thing! Wish Erin well! And that's the news. In brief. Updates: Null The Daniel Pipes link Steve recommended, Kynn decried it, MAS dug it. They both have fun web identities, and they're both as opinionated as humans come.Visitor Feedback  Cute Giant Microbes! via bb Pynchon on Orwell, 2003 via rw The Best A Capella Singing About Gamma Ray Detectors Ever Conservative Neal Boortz says America is a police state Contemporary Culture, Postmodernism and Audio wacky! RIAA: Clueless Lightblub as WiFi Access Point Bezos: Not a Goofball Oakland Teacher Calls Secret Service On Students (and does not call Parents!) Ane more on that Email Hoax Gets Kids out of School PHP vs. ASP.NET Warren Buffett complains about overcompensated CEOs Incindiery Shuttle Testimony Accidental Entrepreneur PHP PEAR Tutorials via Sassy Why are photos being manipulated in Iraq? The Memory Blog a few interesting tidbits Rini Scubas Many Excellent Braindump Links I just read your Randy Newman post.  Two  thoughts... First, you should check out  Harry Nilsson's brilliant "Nilsson Sings Newman" from 1970:

Second, you should take a listen to Loudon Wainwright III, another singer-songwriter who never seemed to break big like Randy Newman did, but who has the same wit and heart:

I recommend Loudon's "BBC Sessions" to start.  - Andy

Thanks Andy!Good Feedback on my Randy Newman Post There has been some great discussion of 'the spam problem' on politech lately: 1 2 3 4 5Current Issues in Spam  If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy.  If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem.  But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world, and a desire to enjoy the world.  This makes it hard to plan the day.  - E.B. WhiteQuote of the Day Who knew that Hydrox was the original, and Oreo was the copycat!Filled Chocolate Cookies Exxxposed! Did you know you can Take your bike on the San Diego Trolley? Also on many buses? Cool. Pity I don't have a bike.Transit Fun Fructis!Word of the Day Thanks Steve!  Check this site out: http://www.danielpipes.org/ http://www.danielpipes.org/biblio_ai.php http://www.danielpipes.org/biblio_me.php Try reading: Bernard Lewis, The Middle East: A Brief History of the Last 2,000 Years A survey of Middle Eastern history by the person who knows more about the region - and can explain it better - than anyone else. I watched a 3-hour interview with Lewis on c-span a few weeks back. Illuminating.  Thanks again!From Steve E - Useful Middle East Links You're doing great. and Be gentle with yourself. And I must remind myself to listen to them.Phrases Of The Past Year Douglas Welch, columnist for ComputorEdge, has a blog.Who's Blog? Tom Bickle, one of my few faithful readers, now has a blog. (Imagine me saying it like a 1970's era Steve Martin doing a pseudo French accent): I blame myself. Tom Bickle Today, I installed Gallery for myself, but the first  photos to be showcased are my best pal Vince's photos as well as fellow RT Bobby Hedge. Check the photos area. It's pretty good open source software, in PHP. Galleries! Impossible to say precisely what the new news means. It's going to be a week of reflection. Tomorrow, racquetball, and later a Mother's Day thing for my Grandma. News of the Day So Eminem can dish it out, but can't take it. That makes me laugh.Eminem, Ha! Bacon burrito for breakfast. Tiger's Milk Bar and a Banana for lunch. Filed for Divorce from Jennifer, with Jennifer. Got a filling in my tooth. Took ibuprofen. Leah bought me a wallet! I felt strange about it. I'm cool now. Shared a cr&ecirc;pe with Leah. Veggies and Hummus from a farmer's market for dinner. Fascinating to observe my feelings and emotions about everything. There's always something to learn. Watched Friends with Leah. Tried the Apple Music Store. Bought a Zappa cover (Sofa No. 1) by Michael Hedges, then If I Had No Loot by Tony!Toni!Ton&eacute;! I am impressed by what they did with it. It was a good day. News of the Day This morning my roommate (still in hospital)'s cat will be going to the vet indefinitely. I'm rapidly running out of roommates! But I did get to wrangle the famous, cantankerous Frida. This is Frida in 1997.Cat Wrangler I have added a message board to the San Diego Spots page I, Erin, and Jenny maintain. San Diegans past and present should check it out!New Message Boards for San Diego Spots Dental appointment today. Very busy. New projects like crazy. A wiki. A journal for Stew. Nutty busy. Remind me to tell you all about them. Whee! OnwardBizzy Bee Good momentum on SanDiegoBlog. With luck there will be regular input from people. I'm pleased with the results so far.People Are Posting Latest project: SanDiegoBlog. Beta. New. For San Diegans by San Diegans. Evolving daily.Quiet / New ProjectDavid Hyatt with great thoughts on browser 'support' graphs -- amen!
General Clark was told to make the link between 9/11 and Iraq -- I don't like being lied to.
With all the talk about The Hulk, what about She-Hulk
On the next Pixar flick: much more info about The Incredibles
Dice salary survey-o-meter
So you find yourself wondering where your favorite open-source database software is going? Check the MySQL Roadmap
Good for job seekers how to get past job resume reading robots
I saw this with Leah, Masked and Anonymous -- and I'll say it was absolutely the best movie starring Bob Dylan as a radical underground dispossessed folk/rock star in a futuristic semi-thirdworld dystopia starring Jeff Bridges, Penelope Cruz, John Goodman, Jessica Lange Ed Harris, Val Kilmer, Cheech Marin, Giovanni Ribisi, Mickey Rourke and others. But I'll also say it's absolutely the worst in that genre as well. Leah and I got in free though, if that helps. We considered leaving about 2/3rds of the way through, but then, well, we were wondering how much worse it would get. Then Mickey Roarke became president and Bob Dylan broke a whiskey bottle and threatened another characters life. Then we knew precisely how bad it would get.
Some books recommended by pal John, with his comments:
The eye in the triangle; an interpretation of Aleister Crowley by Israel Regardie -- Very interesting look at his early years when he developed his 'style of magic'.  Story by his defunct star student, Regardie.
Futureland by Walter Mosley -- An amazingly fresh cyberpunk book!  Superb series of short stories linked together.
Evasion by the Crimethink Collective. -- Sort of a post-modern Tom Sawyer story about hopping trains, living without a job, and shoplifting to survive.  Come be useful info if Bush is re-elected!
The Way of the Peaceful Warrior by Dan Millman -- A cool motivational/Zen book that has a big positive impact on most folks who read it.

Good to keep in mind, In defense of al-Jazeera
RDF and other monkey wrenches
Interesting: Lindows.com says it's down for a major upgrade to provide support for our exciting new LindowsOS 4.0 release.
Also Interesting: Religion in popular music
I want this t-shirt
What's an E-Bomb
Research inspired by Matrix Reloaded: The Merovingian Mythos: Its Symbolic Significance and its Roots in the Ancient Kingdom of Atlantis
(In Babylon 5) Why was San Diego nuked?
Get Edumacated! MIT OpenCourseWareLinks Galore! (It's been Too Long!) I often walk around, semi-randomly downtown. I traipse and amble and mosey. Sometimes I take pictures. Here's one. You can see the building I work in in this one. I like working downtown. It looks like I may be working there a bit more permanently. I'm pleased with that, and I'm generally happy in my life now. Things are chaotic. But things are encouragingly hopeful. I'm a happy person. Considering where my head was at a year ago, I've come a long way.

So many things done in the past 2 weeks that have been good, some that have been bad. But I'm doing well. And I've not blogged about them, really. I'm not sure whether that's discretion or sloth or what. But it's certainly interesting to see that my online time seems to be drawn to other online projects lately.

More this week.

Onward.Downtown San Diego Hey. Let's see. Long time no blog. Project Updates Follow. Stew Sez, which I put together for Stew, has some wonderful wierdness on it. SanDiego Blog has some more interestingness in it. Want to write for San Diego Blog? Contact the editor (me). ANYONE CAN DO THIS. In the lab, Batch File Rename By File Extension in Unix was updated. I made my own Wiki, but it's only for me, because it's all private and such. WebSanDiego.org now has its own Wiki for members, and even a fork for Web405 San Diego Bloggers keeps chugging along. New blogs regularly. My pal Chris Greazel has added more images to his portfolio area I'm (very very slowly) working on a portfolio area of my own as well, using the same software. As of today, there's a new header for this here blog, too. More old headers here.New And Improved A record maybe? Lyric of the moment:  Close my eyes She's somehow closer now Softly smile, I know she must be kind When I look in her eyes She goes with me to a blossom world Sometimes the Beach Boys hits the spot.Six Days Since Blogging maybe not fun, but mildly interesting... SDSU_Wireless SDBay BeNice defaultsuck Gaslamp gateCrasher katatonic parkloft Praise Our One True Lord shesheshe skyriver snowhound SoCalFree.net TRAINDEPOT UniversityPolice Also interesting, of the 263 total, 204 had no WEP, 59 had WEP. Admittedly, not that interesting.Some Fun APs found Wardriving San Diego It's been 7 years since I made a mix for the friend in question. But I've tried to keep active making mix tapes and CDs for a while.Clarification Working on updating my portfolio. Using the Gallery software to do it. I've worked on lots of stuff. Yesterday went wardriving with a friend. Very very cool. Next step? GPS unit. Then we lunched at D.Z. Akin's. Awesome morning! Went looking at a place to live yesterday. Considering moving, possibly with multiple roommates. May be about to get a job offer from current gig. Not sure what terms I need here. Many questions. Saw Topsy Turvy with Leah the other night. She liked it. That movie is climbing up my list of favorites. Took back the car I was borrowing from my G'parents yesterday. It was great while it lasted. Back to public transportation for a while. Made some mix CDs for an old friend yesterday. It's been about 7 years since I did that. I hope he'll dig them. Lots of catching up to do there. I saw another classmate from my graduating high school class (Class of 1987) at Uni the other day. What's it mean that all my high school classmates who I see downtown are lawyers? Granted it's only 2 of them. But both lawyers? Isn't that suspicious? What aren't I a lawyer? I'm at a loss now. Time to shower and get to work. Onward Brief Lots of stuff going on. Good things mostly. But not writing it here for the most part. More this weekend.Lots Got some free tickets to see the San Diego Padres tonight with friend David and Leah. It was pretty cool, actually. Though San Diego lost. We left when the Tigers pulled ahead. I'm tired and irritable. Too many irons in too many fires or something. It's important to remember when I feel like this to try and put things in perspective, to identify where the feelings come from, feel them, and get to the business at hand when I can. Life can be so tiring sometimes. Then again, if life were easy, what would be the point? Okay, nite nite. Onward.BaseballMy friend Chris Greazel, artist, illustrator, paint-job inventor, visual futurist, now has a space on the web again. Happy to help him put even a small sliver of his output on the web.Greazel is Back So yesterday I got a haircut. I went to my usual place - a one room, one barber joint that's been there awhile. I go to a barbershop I guess for the culture of it. It's a typically male experience. So when I get there there's already a fellow in the chair. A man in his sixties or seventies. So I sit in one of the two "waiting" chairs. These themselves are barber chairs, though I've no idea when the last time someone used them that way. I peruse the reading material -- what do we have? Maxim with Monica Belucci on the cover, last month's Playboy, and a sportsfishing magazine whose title I don't recall. There was a fourth, too -- maybe a gambling magazine? For a long while, I refused to come to go to this establishment. The main dude is a likable fellow, but occasionally, as older men are wont to do, particularly older white men, he spouts a joke or comment that's just too off-color, or racial for my taste. For about six months I refused to come to this guy because of one particularly egregious comment. I'll not detail it here, but it made me a little sick. Even sicker, I found myself at a loss as to how to react. I think I weakly said something like "well come on now man, that's not true what you're saying" ... and then let it go. Had this been a friend or family member, I'd have pressed the issue. As it is, I voted with my feet and simply didn't patronize the establishment for a long while. I rationalized my lack of backbone by saying that I'd done what capitalism says I should do -- punish poor vendors by not buying from them. Another part of me thinks -- why does it matter? -- this is a man who is old, and part of a generation with archaic views. They will soon enough die, and those with (supposedly) more progressive views will be left. And yet another part of me thinks of that line -- "all it takes for there for there to be evil in the world is for good men to do nothing." Then again, do I really want to challenge the beliefs of someone who is holding very sharp implements next to my head? Is that the moment to say "I object to your archaic worldview" -- how smart would that be, in a Machiavellian sense? So I didn't use him for several months. But now that I lack a car, I can't go to the shop I like in Clairemont, at least not easily. This leaves me with things close to work. And this barber is close to work. What I want to type here is that there is a great lesson here, or that I made a bold move of some kind in defense of the melting pot, and I am a great champion of diversity. The truth is, I'm just a guy who gets his hair cut. There are worse things I guess. Anyway, yesterday the thing that was most interesting was the music selection whilst I was in the chair, getting my hair cut. It was Edith Piaf. Singing her melancholy, beautiful French song to the older gentlemen in attendance. (Population: me, the barber, and another older fellow). I found it incongruous and delightful simultaneously to be exposed to some Edith Piaf. I was delighted further that when one song ended, another began! The guy who was in the on-deck-circle inquired about it. Asking what tape it was. Turns out it was handcrafted by the barber. My quasi-racist throwback of a barber knows how to make a mix tape! I couldn't help but be impressed. For some reason I felt my trip was worthy for that reason alone. Bonus: the haircut is pretty good. Short on the sides, slightly longer up top. Postscript: I'm flirting with the notion of reviving my goatee. We'll see how long it lasts. Side dish with haircut? Maxim, Playboy, Edith Piaf, and Race Cool breezes on a Sunday Morning, whilst getting through stuff I've been meaning to mention. It feels like... getting things done. In other news, the engine behind music artist Stew's new journal is me. Check stew says, and watch the url closely. I also put together a Wiki for an online group I take part in, and I'm pretty proud of that. Oh, and the other day I did make those cookies, so I got that going for me. I finished reading A Confederacy of Dunces last night. Raucous, bizarre, funny book. John Kennedy Toole was a remarkable fellow. That he was a suicide the year before I was borne, at the age of 32 is very sad. I want to go looking for other information about himYou know what I like? Kynn replies to Steve E's comments I'll not be the pivot point for this discussion anymore. It's simply not that interesting to me to choose sides or righteousness on the Middle Eastern conflict. It's lots of innocents surrounded by opportunists, idiots, suicidal manipulators. And that's both sides. That anyone sees a side worth supporting astonishes me. Thanks for the interest. I'll keep posting my own thoughts. But I'll not post more comments from readers. There are no comments on this blog for a reason. It's not a public forum for debate. There are far better fora for that. I'll add that blogs which espouse a certain point of view are often less interesting than fora which instead try to find common ground among divergent opinions. Lest you think I'm too much a politician, or that I shy away from strong opinion, here's a rerun of a link to PhilG's essay on Isreal. Though recent events in the Middle East certainly are hopeful. Who would believe a commitment to a Palestinian state on the part of the Isreali leadership? The Middle East Sucks I feel good today. It's an overcast day. And today one can officially use the term June Gloom to describe San Diego, because, hey, it's now June!

A quiet morning.

Oh, have I mentioned my contention that most cookie-making companies are COMMUNISTS!

It's time I 'outed' myself as a cranky cookie eater here on the blog. Here goes.

So I grew up with oatmeal cookies. Not just oatmeal cookies though - raisin, nut, and chocolate chip oatmeal, raisin, nut and oatmeal, chocolate chip and oatmean, etc. My Mom was progressive in allowing for many different variations on the fillings for oatmeal cookies.

So why, when one goes to purchase cookies, does one NEVER find oatmeal chocolate chip cookies? It seems that it is the fate of oatmeal cookies to be forever tied to RAISINS, and sometimes RAISINS AND NUTS in the grocery aisle or bakery case.

It's unconscionable, I tell you. Oatmeal and chocolate chips goes great together. Absolutely delightful. Additionally, oatmeal cookies are providing that crucial texture that can make for a great cookie.

But I am no mere complainer, me. I have a solution.

Take this Betty Crocker Oatmeal Cookie Mix:



(which also requires one egg, and some water.

And add a handful of these Nestle Semi-Sweet Chocolate Mini-Morsels:



And you too can have what the cookie conglomerates are preventing you from having.Up Early So some months ago I had all four of my wisdom teeth out. I have put up photos to commemorate the event.Wisdom Teeth Photos I for one welcome our cute branded gaming Big Brothertm! Sony EyeToy = 1984 TelescreenTelescreen = EyeToy Well, for appearing in Up From The Depths, and submitting myself, I got into IMDB: listing: Joe Crawford (I). But the other movie listed on that page is not me. I was just an extra, and I think I submitted myself about a year ago. IMDB stands for Internet Movie Database It's the web's greatest database of movie information. Thanks to MAS for pointing me to this!I'm in the IMDB There's a movie about indie cartoonist Harvey Pekar called 'American Splendor' and there's a movie about They Might Be Giants called 'Gigantic (A Tale of Two Johns).' In other news, today was a mild day. I missed Leah though. But it sounds like she's having fun with her family and kids.Movies You'd Think Would Not Exist

This is me, last May, visiting my buddy Vince in Virginia. Impromptu he asked me to do a mural of a plane on his son's wall (to accompany the existing clouds). I demurred at first. But in the end I was able to improvise something good. Note the chin. This picture is approximately 70 pounds ago.

Today I'm doing spring cleaning. Can you tell?Archaeology and a tiny mural Savoir-Faire makes this great, small notebook that's very small, about the size of a wallet or a box of cigarettes. I had bought one very early last year. I never really used it until Jennifer left, and I had need to keep phone numbers and random information as things were changing rapidly for me. It's been super-handy, and I'm on my 3rd one now. I have a fourth ready to go when I use this one up. I find it nice to be able to keep ephemera, books I want to check out, movie ideas, "to-do" lists and such in it. I sometimes joke that it's "my palmpilot" because I use it in a very PIM way. I like that I don't need batteries for it, and it fits in my pocket nicely. I had originally purchased it at The Art Store in Little Italy, which is a great store as well. Why am I posting this? Mostly because I want to be able to remember where I got this if I want another one some day. There aren't many notebooks with the right size and quality out there. And cheap too. Only 4 bucks and it has held up well to being sat on by me -- so that tells you they're good! It's a beautiful day. I started it with racquetball. Now doing some cleaning. This afternoon I'm going to be looking at rentals. Time to move. Time to see what the next living space will be. Killer Notebook Got the call. She's made it where she needs to be. I'm sleepy now. G'nite! I'm out Well, not new. Actually it's from last August. Doing some spring cleaning right now. Leah is on a road trip to see family with her kids. A long drive that's not through. And I'm waiting for the "I got in fine" phone call. In the interim, I'm doing the archeology thing: New poem in words -- never enough.New Words  you make me shiver i feel so tender we make a pretty good team don't get exhausted i'll do some driving you oughta get you some sleep get your instructions follow directions, then you should change your address maybe tomorrow maybe the next day, whatever you think is best burned all my notebooks what good are  notebooks? they won't help me survive my chest is aching burns like a furnace, the burning keeps me alive try to stay healthy physical fitness, don't want to catch no disease try to be careful don't take no chances you better watch what you say  - more obscure lyrics to Talking Heads' Life During Wartimelyrics never more apropos in my lifetime Back and blogging. I wish Spinhead only the best, as he's having a not great year. Why? Marital strife. Go go gadget go!Spinhead is backThe RIAA Radar BookmarkletAm I RIAA Or Not Blogger has upgraded their backend software for free blogs. It's much faster, and so far, much more stable. I'm quite glad I've stuck with Blogger. I think using a tool made by Google is part of it. But more, I think Blogger is a company that's doing the right stuff.Blogger Upgrade Still much catching up to do on the link front. Thanks for your patience!  Now, this is a really peculiar site. (Not for the faint of heart) Gibson on Orwell, or, The Road To Oceana How's the Iraqometer doing? I intend to read: Netscape's JavaScript What Politech thinks is worthwhile other reading US 'Negation' Policy in Space Woo hoo! Add Telnet to .NET! -- two insecure tastes that go great together A cool idea to fight spammers (for system administrators) RMX Records A post I made to nettime about some blog tools This movie: Painting With Fire, about Frank Frazetta, looks wonderful. And check it on IMDB Remote Desktop Connection Client for Mac NetworkView is a great tool for Windows to map out your local LAN. Killer App: Google Toolbar 2.0 (windows only) - includes popup blocker and a blogger tie in Google on NPR ExactAudioCopy and dbPowerAMP are two MP3 rippers for Windows. On my home machine I just use iTunes  More Links  About online games... How to Hurt the Hackers: The Scoop on Internet Cheating and How You Can Combat It Pringles Antenna Redux Leann Rimes is cute One of the funniest Onions Ever I thought I coined this, but I didn't: It's not rocket surgery Al A is cool. Listen to him! David Snow has redesigned!...a remarkably talented fellow! The Web Developer Extension for Mozilla Firebird is a great tool for web developers like me. Mind you, Mozilla was already good at debugging websites Read about Stew in this Village Voice article.  Good Morning!  But my pop hiatus was less the result of a serious minded young writer's quest for depth and more simply a complete misunderstanding of how the game worked. I learned that the musical limitations placed on what we call pop are precisely the point of the music. That is why when geeks start talking about their favorite new songwriter who "stretches the genre" i start reaching for that manure filled sock that Woody talked about - then earplugs. I known and observed writers who've tortured themselves trying to be original, using weird personal tunings, a special combination of guitar effects, writing lyrics that don't rhyme, songs with choruses that only happen once (if at all) and (the worst offenders) those that infuse their pop with virtuosity in an effort to raise it above the "common." Its all very boring and serves little more purpose than allowing geeks to pat themselves on the back for being clever enough to connect the pointless dots. These folks think they are raising the genre but actually they are lowering the rim and pretending they can slam dunk. The game is you (and everyone else) are dealt a certain amount of flowers. The trick is to arrange those flowers - those same f*cking flowers that everyone else has been dealt from Robert Johnson to Avril Lavigne - and come up with something that transcends the limitations. I used to feel hemmed in by the restrictions. Now i see that rules is rules. It's more fun than coal mining and less complicated than bridge so why complain?  I love that. Let the limitations guide what you do. If everything is possible, then nothing is interesting. I think that's another quote. Love that Stew Stew, On Writing Pop Music (today from the negro problem mailing list) iChat AV rocks hard. Talked to my very own sister tonite from thousands of miles away. Super-freaking-awesome! Of course, I don't have a microphone, but her genius boyfriend said I could use a pair of headphones as a Mic. I did. It worked. And we all talked! Currently you can only talk one on one, don't know if that will change. There were some technical glitches talking to her laptop, but to her boyfriend it was smooth as silk (despite talking into headphones). I really love my sister. Lucky to have her. And my Parents, who recently celebrated their 35th Anniversary. I'm a remarkably lucky man.iChat AV I found this interesting, particularly in light of claims made that the current administration is more on the side of the common member of the armed services than the previous: This Army Times article critical of the administration and congress was pulled. Nefarious forces are implied, but even if that's not the case, it's an interesting piece of reporting and editorial. via rc3Pulled Army Times Editorial Celebrity moblogging (more about moblogging at joi.ito.com)Inevitable Clay Shirky's latest essay, A Group Is Its Own Worst Enemy, is so right on with what my gut, experience, and intellect tell me about groups and software that I find myself wishing I had written it.

Some writing is so good it makes me jealous.

Mind you, this essay is not for everyone. But for those of us who like to watch social interactions inside online forums of various kinds, it's fascinating.Social Software Makes Me Giddy I've made some changes to San Diego Blog. The styles are perhaps a bit more stylish. Anyone care to write for the blog? drop me a note!Style Changes Not easy, but it sure is pretty.Summertime, and the living... More edits to San Diego Blog today. Mainly of the backend variety. It's improving bit by bit. Had a chance to bowl today. Didn't. Glad I didn't. Going to the WebDesign Meetup tonight to geek-net-work. Should be jazzy. I mentioned Leah is back right? That's cool. Also, more pix online at Miscellany. Gotta go hop a bus! I'm not bowling. If you...  Have a phone cam... And spot a celebrity... And take a picture... You can now put them online...  Find out more at Andy's site (No pictures yet. But give it time.) Celebrity Moblogging - From idea to reality in 1 week Leah is returning from her trip. Wish her a safe one!CM As a hobby, this guy spots new pipeline the length of Kuwait out of Iraq! I love that kind of obsessive competence!I love this guy! So now two times in the past 10 days I have answered the questions of people riding the bus or trolley, and have handed over a copy of the pamphlet for the bus they're interested in. I gave an older gentleman a copy of the route 7 the other day (he was visiting with his wife and wanted to go to the Zoo), and today I gave a french-accented kid with a skateboard a copy of the 34 schedule. San Diego Transit should totally hire me.I'm Joe Crawford, Your Official Transit Greeter New header, old ones here. That's me in a lab coat. One of my old ones.New Header It seems like it would be cool to work for SocialText.St  2003-02-02 - sd homies (xml) 2003-02-04 - Star Lady Speaks 2003-02-04 - JWalk Blog (xml) 2003-02-04 - A little bit bad 2003-02-04 - a jaunty little blog 2003-02-04 - lisa violet's diary 2003-02-04 - MastersTrack.com (xml) 2003-02-07 - Search Engines: Cranky Guru 2003-02-07 - Primary Main Objective... (xml) 2003-02-07 - Cranky Guru: bits on organizations 2003-02-07 - Cranky Guru's Thoughts 2003-02-12 - this.that.the.other.thing 2003-02-12 - The Daily Strick 2003-02-12 - Vista Seeker 2003-02-19 - Joh3n's RANT! (xml) 2003-02-20 - verbatim@tim.murphy.name (xml) 2003-02-20 - dancing at errant.org (xml) 2003-02-20 - Lago at errant dot org (xml) 2003-02-24 - photote: emese's blog (xml) 2003-03-01 - Coach's Corner 2003-03-09 - Chris Adams (xml) 2003-03-10 - Voz37's Journal 2003-03-11 - HoyStory.com 2003-03-12 - Cybrarian 2003-03-24 - Pervasive Computing News (xml) 2003-03-31 - San Diego Has It 2003-04-12 - Boredom to Insanity 2003-04-12 - Philosophistry 2003-04-24 - The Martini Hour 2003-04-24 - dansBlog / Website Design 2003-04-24 - Ms. V's uJournal 2003-04-30 - rotten ryan (xml) 2003-05-10 - CiX22 Bloggin' 2003-05-17 - Jessica's Journal 2003-05-24 - San Diego Blog (xml) 2003-06-06 - picklechick 2003-06-17 - Delirity (xml) 2003-06-26 - San Diego Poetry Guild 2003-07-04 - Disembodied Brain 2003-07-04 - RL's Remote Control web log 2003-07-06 - Bill's Bloggy Goodness 2003-07-06 - Jim Coyer's Weblog 2003-07-06 - java-geek.com 2003-07-07 - My Life As A Fischer 2003-07-07 - SD4Dean  See the whole list at sandiegobloggers.com Want to be added? Drop a note to me. Blogs added since February, San Diego Blogs, by Date of Addition: It's a new week! Hit it!Up! San Diego Spots now has its own domain -- san diego spots dot com. And the boards are open for business, still Though there are no posts except for 2 now. Perhaps it will grow with time? I certainly hope it will.San Diego Spots Domain The other night Leah were several hundred miles away, but we did something together regardless. We decided to take a picture of the sunset. Here's mine: Sunset Squirrel Fishing ... ever seen it? Well, now you have. *chuckle* ... Liftoff ... heh.One of the Funniest Web Sites Ever Mitch Wagner's post about gay marriage and marriage in general gives voice to many of my own thoughts on the subject. Great Thoughts New pictures area: Miscellany. Some fun stuff in there. Why? Well, it was stuck in other locations, and it needed to move. Today I'm doing what Leah calls puttering, not really work per se, but useful things nonetheless.Marginalia I've been sleeping most of the day. Recovering from yesterday. Off and on I do some cleaning, drinking and eating. Right now the main thing I'm doing is missing Leah.Sleepy Missing poulticeWord of the Day (yesterday) My feet hurt.Ouch ...and boy are my arms tired but seriously... I had a culturally fascinating evening. I went to the beach (walked from Garnet and Ingraham to Crystal Pier). The water was choppy, but not bad for sunset. Then I walked south along the boardwalk, watching in turn the Sea World and Ocean Beach fireworks. My camera is acting up I fear. The display failed. I think my media card died or something. I saw tourists. Irish accents. French accents. Cute girls. Bikinis. Families with infants in strollers. Lots of litter. Drunken mustachioed stoners in their 40s. People lighting fireworks. Drunkenness. Rudeness. Extreme friendliness. Real camaraderie. Wishes for a Happy 4th. A mini-rave. LOTS of traffic. So much traffic the buses were barely moving. So I decided to walk all the way to Mission Beach. I actually passed a bus on the way! So my foot speed is maybe what, 3 miles per hour or something (don't quote me on that please) and I was beating the bus. And I just kept walking. When I hit Mission Beach, I just kept walking. I thought I could make it to the Tower Records across the street from the Sports Arena. Again, the traffic made this kind of a reasonable thing to do. There is a problem with doing this much walking though. You need to protect your feet. And I was wearing my beat up old white shoes. And the KEY MISTAKE: I didn't wear socks. About halfway through the walk I developed a nasty callus on my left foot. It hurt and still hurts. And I had no band-aids with me. Instead, I actually used some gluestick to secure the raw flap of skin down. The logic here is to just seal the darn thing up and keep walking. It worked marginally. Anyway, I kept on walking, faster than the traffic leaving the beach areas. Eventually I slowed down, and traffic picked up. I eventually got to Tower Records on Sports Arena Blvd. I hung out there for a little while - a respite. An aside, I hear that the parent company of Tower Records is going out of business. Can anyone verify this? And I kept on walking. I got a burger at In-N-Out at Rosecrans and Sports Arena. That tasted so good to me. Difficult to describe how good that was. I know it's just the context of being tired and hurting, but it may have been the best burger I ever ate. After that it was a quick walk to Old Town, and onto the Trolley, then a connecting bus home. Lickety split. The fireworks over OB were cool. The Sea World fireworks were AWESOME. I can see why people brave the idiotic traffic. I doubt I'll be doing that next year. Next time I attempt to walk more than I think I can, I'm gonna wear socks. I just ran the numbers on a map. I walked 6.2 miles. It is nice to know that I can do some darn walking if I need to. Even if I have to limp a bit. I saw so much. More than I can write. But it's time to sleep. I Walked From Pacific Beach To Old Town Thanks for the link, Dan. Big notice for San Diego Blog, the local newspaper the U-T has got blogs now, and they have linked, and even trackbacked that fledgling blog. Read the whole scoop there! Speaking of social software, which I mentioned the other day. I wrote (read that: rambled) about that on the websandiego list today. And on a personal note, I got a great note from Mom today. Things are cool. Feeling so lucky and relaxed today. It's great to be independent. I hope you're all having a great 4th of July. Read this:  Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just Powers from the Consent of the Governed, that whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these Ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its Foundation on such Principles, and organizing its Powers in such Form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient Causes; and accordingly all Experience hath shewn, that Mankind are more disposed to suffer, while Evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the Forms to which they are accustomed.  Read the whole thing. Have a great fourth. I'm off to the beach. on-&gt;wordLoosely Joined So after work I went and saw the new Terminator movie at the Pacific Gaslamp theatre downtown. T3: Rise of the machines. I missed the bombastic music of the 1st and 2nd ones. Still, it was a worthy movie. It fits into the franchise, though there's a great risk that they're at once making the franchise's appeal greater and yet diluting the impact. I suppose that's the James Bond effect at work. We know the rules of a Terminator movie, and so it has less effect. But as far as the time travel paradoxes plausibility issues - it's true that when anything is possible, nothing is interesting. I must say though, that I was thoroughly entertained, and enjoyed the sense of humor of the picture. It's got some extraordinarily grisly moments though. These are thankfully brief though. It's the night before Independence Day. I'm chilling out here in Little Italy, feeling very introspective. I wrote a long email to my folks and sister about how things are. Lots in flux at the moment. And I needed some catharsis. Clear the decks and ONWARD. Some things that have been bottled up and wanted out of my psyche. Needed out. Housing is in flux. The gig is in flux. Money is in flux. No details specifically, but things may be quite different in 2 months. We shall see. I'm not detailing them here as the quantum theory holds some sway these days -- more observers to these events and the events risk too much change. Perhaps that's my natural recoil from being too specific here. It's always a risk to do that, and I don't want to expose so much of myself that I lose my sense of my private life as belonging to me. And I'm acutely aware of the paradox inherent considering I've been journaling in public for so long, and sharing myself online for, what, 7 years give or take? Out of a life of 33 years? One fifth of my life? Interesting, that. So. It was a nice sunset tonight. I took a picture, and so did Leah, from Utah. It was a little thing we could sort of do together. Making that connection psychologically. Subtle, symbolic. I miss her. And I know she's having a wonderful time with her kids and brothers and sisters. She'll be seeing her parents for the first time in a while. She's looking forward to that. They mean a great deal to her. Likewise, I'm looking forward to seeing my own parents and sister soon as well. It's a heckuvan interesting summer already. And it promises to be fun. Soon I'll be leaving this cafe -- the It's a Grind coffeehouse. Get on a bus and head home. It's been a good day. Pleasantly refreshing physically, psychologically, and emotionally and spiritually. The four legs on which my psyche sits. And it's been far too long since I've said............ ONWARDHanging in Little Italy So things are good. Busy. Back at work. This is good. See my folks and sister again today, this is good. They leave tomorrow. My pal Erin was sick again yesterday -- blood clots -- including lung ones, that's "pulmonary embolism" -- as in life threatening, get a VQ scan. That kind of thing is worrisome. In fact, I'd rather not talk about friends' brushes with death here. Ugh. Went to the University Heights Farmer's Market yesterday. Leah got some of this roasted corn that was awesome. Then we relaxed and watched Queer Eye for the Straight Guy, not the one on NBC, the real one, on Bravo. We like this show, despite the amazingly hyperbolic over-the-top hype. It's a reality show that's based in reality. When they remake your shoddy dishevled room, they use your own bedspread. They use your chair. The repaint your tables. They don't do what most of those re-making shows do, which is provide an entirely new space for you. This basis in reality is the key to the show's success. The humor may be based in gay-jokes, but the show works because it seems actually helpful. Also talked about a possible project with a buddy. Might be some nice work for me. Hope it works out for all. Yikes! Time to get ready for work! Family, Clots, TV, Worktime! Hiking to the top of Cowles Mountain with my parents, sister and uncle: check Brunch at D.Z. Akins, same crew: check Home to recuperate with a hot bath: check Bus to grandparents, then racquetball with dad, an uncle and two aunts:  check Trip to sign papers and give deposit for new house rental:  check Home, get food, eat food, blog about the day:  check ((Then, Joe Collapsed In A Heap)) Tomorrow: Back to work.Today's Wrap Up Going hiking this morning. Racquetball in the evening. Signing papers for the new apartment somewhere in-between or after. It's going to be a full day. Back to work tomorrow.Waiting for the man The Role of Palestinian Women in Suicide Terrorism via Bruce Sterling(Young) Women Suicide Bombers I'm going hiking early in the morning, so I'll try and keep this brief. For the last several years, when one did a search for "ronny vardy" on google, like this, you got my fansite: artlung.com/fansite/ronnyvardy, well, now that she has her own site at ronnyvardy.com, you really should go there! I met her on Friday. I had seen her work at comic-con before. I saw when she had shirts made by Hot Topic. I've followed her work around the net, all of which got posted to my fansite, but now I really do think, her official site should be the number one link! I was intimidated to meet her. Here's this person whose work I have admired for years now, and I have the #1 hit for her name, and I beat out her site in the search results. I told her this and her response was you're that artlung guy!, which I thought was really cool. She extended her hand and we shook hands. I bought a print and a girl-t-shirt from her and we chatted a bit. I'm really excited that she's on the net with her site, and wish her only the best! I think her work displays great artistry, a sense of humor, and a fun sexiness, which is why I felt the need to put up a site in the first place. I mean, here's this great artist, but she has almost ZERO profile on the net! Well, she belongs here on the net, and I'm looking forward to seeing more of her great work!Ronny Vardy My friend and colleague Pinguino has posted Pinguino's ComiCon Adventure. She's got pictures too!Comic-Con Article and PhotosSo yesterday was a whirlwind of going to the beach at Coronado (bodysurfing!) and hanging out with my family. I'm very glad I took the first days of this week off -- it gives me more time with my parents and sister. It's a great week.

My grandparents have a tetherball pole. Leah and I played tetherball yesterday. It was very competitive. To spare any bad feelings, I'll not communicate who won. But we're the same height, and vaguely similarly physiques, and it was a good match.

On the housing front, Leah and I got a new place. It's closer to downtown. We'll move in late next month. I'm excited.Beachtime, Familytime It was a long and rewarding Sunday. Leah and I looked at some houses yesterday to rent, and have a good line on two of them. So that's up in the air. I helped Leah take some pictures of garbage for North Magazine. Then we went to Comic-Con. And then we went to a signing and talk by Patricia Santana, author of Motorcycle Ride on the Sea of Tranquility, put on by the great writer's group WritersMonthly.us. She was an appealing and engaging speaker. This morning I'm cleaning and listening to Bruce Sterling on NPR from January. He's talking about the future. And he's charming, funny, and insightful as usual. At the moment I'm just trying to clean up my room after a busy weekend. What a Weekend Lynne Naylor makes some spiffy cute girly art. Dean Yeagle is an older fellow who does some great work as well. The Mighty Heroes is the name of the cartoon featuring a bunch of peculiar goofy super-heories I remember as a kid. TwoMorrows Publishing does a nice job with their books (like Mark Evanier's collected columns) and magazines (especially Comic Book Artist). I picked up The Extraordinary Works of Alan Moore, which is good so far. This book: Concept Design, is impressive but prohibitively expensive (to me). It reminds me of Syd Mead, pioneering visual futurist, but it's by multiple artists. Bud Plant Comic Art rocks. SQP sells lots of pinup art. Comic Book: The Movie looks wild. (But not in a Girls Gone Wild way) PMBQ studios does some really cute and appealing anime. I saw a line of pinups signed "Baron" -- turns out these large (paintings? prints? posters?) were by one Baron van Lind. They're in an older style, and seem almost pre-aged to me. BoltGallery.com -- these guys are NUTS! The obsessive level of craftsmanship and detail mark these guys as masters of welded sculpture. They have an amazing one of a battle droid. I'll have more to say about the very talented and very nice Ronny Vardy R Stevens, of Diesel Sweeties, too. I watched some footage (abut 5 whole minutes) of a CG Appleseed movie that looked really cool. All action, mind you, but it looked great. That was Thursday and Friday. More today. Yesterday was BEACH PARTY DAY with my family. It rocked. But Leah got sunburned (or is that spelled sunburnt)... oh, either spelling is okay. (sunburnt | sunburned) Up up and away! Excelsior! Onward! Things I Have Learned At San Diego Comic-Con So Far Teen Titans starts tomorrow? -- it seems like I should have seen something about this at Con...Tomorrow? Con again yesterday. Awesome. Ronny Vardy has a site! Met the guy who does Diesel Sweeties. Saw my co-workers on their lunch break, and found out someone else reads this blog (thank goodness for my discretion!). Bought some new comic book boxes. Then came home, and went to family dinner with Leah. It was really great! Today: beach party with the whole family, including my sister, who will have arrived in the middle of last night! More later.Woke Up  The rest of Bad Boys II, which runs on for an unfathomable, unforgivable 2-1/2 hours, is like being cornered by a drunkard at a party who insistson yelling unfunny jokes in your ear, complete with sound effects. In the past, Bay's movies sent you out of the theater feeling like you had been beaten up. Bad Boys II is the first one, though, to send you home thoroughly depressed.  ...from this miami herald reviewBad Boys 2 Sounds Astonishingly Bad Support Your Community Colleges: Check: Save Our Schools, and Keep The Doors Open! (via Steve E)California Community Colleges in Peril? Unbelievably tired now that I'm back from comicon. Coolness: there's a killer pic on San Diego Blog from a 1970s Con Let me chill. Will I blog now, or at the end of Con. Dunno. Too tired to think.Back So today is Comic-Con. I'm leaving real soon, and it should be rad. You can talk about it over on San Diego Blog if ya want. I see my favorite comics blog, The Comics Journal's Journalista! is taking a hiatus while Con is on. That site (Journlista I mean) keeps up with comics news better than anybody. As an addition, it has COMPREHENSIVE (all caps) links out to great comics blogs, news sites, message boards, and individual people in comics with blogs. Rad! I don't read him, but Wil Weaton is going, I was turned onto this fact by a Shawn of Textamerica. TextAmerica, incidentally, has set up a San Diego Comic-Con Moblog -- whether and how much it will be used, I have no idea. I don't (yet) have a mobile camera. But I dig the concept like crazy. I'm going to the con with zero expectations. I've only glanced at the program, and will decide what to see when I get there. It's possible I'll see some people I know, notably Kynn, Daniel. Now that I have a cell phone that coordination will be much easier. You can call my regular number -- 619-516-4550 and leave a message if you want me to call you back on my cell. Just in case you're interested in getting together at Con this weekend. One other thing, I won't be attending Saturday, as far as I know. I have a big beach party to go to. Well, I may attend late in the day, but no guarantees. Otherewise, I should be there for maximum time today, Friday, and Sunday. In other news, Leah and I think we found a nice place to live last night. Won't be till mid-August. But it feels good to have a first and second choice. Okay, off to Con! Geek out! Comic-Con To Go! It's a busy week But it's all gonna work out My parents are in town Comic-con is this weekend Big beach party this weekend Sister coming soon Helping Leah move Laundry to do Bills to pay New place to find Work is okay Blogging not done Racquetball missed Taking time off Haircut gotten Lunches with colleagues Trains to take And more And more And moe Must remind myself: this is all doable.When the world is running down... So at random, I, Leah, and my parents went to see Santana tonight. Who was great. I was nervous about my folks meeting Leah, but things work out well, I come to find out. More evidence that I lead a charmed life, today was.Wow. Tonight I'm going out on the town (read: to the movies) with my girlfriend. It's been a pretty good week all in all. Can't hardly wait!Goin' Out, with my baby King Kong by Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention.Now playing: The meetup was great! Met some new folks, and some folks I knew before. Nice turnout. Good talk. Open source, moblogging, digital photographers, open source CMSs, vegan roommates, vegetarianism, real estate... the talk ran the gamut! I think I've decided to play with some python. My folks are coming into town really soon, and I'm looking forward to them!Decision.I've been rereading Snow Crash and am nearly done.

It is insightful, bawdy, violent, intelligent, mindbending, and funny.

I first read it when I moved back to California in about 1994. Damn. Have I been in California 10 years? What an amazing 10 years. Incidentally, I think this is the longest in a row I've ever lived in one state at a stretch.

...

August begins tomorrow. It will be my last month in this place.

Time passes.

What was I doing a year ago?

Wow: a year ago I was talking about comic con, depression, and my cousin's suicide

Not sure what to say about that, other than to note that things change.

I guess it's time to say ...
...
...
Onward.Rereading; 1 Year Ago Networking On The Rocks! - a San Diego networking thing. I've noticed that the "buzz" these days is rather dot-com behavior. Toys at work. CD multimedia presentations delivered in paper magazines. The world seems to be returning to bubble-style nuttiness. Or am I misreading lush Flash presentations promising: Our purpose is to bring Venture Capitalists, Angel investors, and technology entrepreneurs &amp; executives together in a fun and unstructured environment. Hey, I'm all for success and business, but are there still Angel investors out there?Party like it's 1999? Environmental collapse with massive casualties? Moblogs Seen as a Crystal Ball for a New Era in Online Journalism Antiword _freeware Microsoft Word document reader/converter Engineer's focus: accessible technology for all blind fellow and his extraordinary emphasis and unique perspective on accessibility Why Java Should Not Temper ColdFusionML Talents Open Source, Proprietary Code Quality Comparable Cool! and cool ...people find my iTunes fixit howto useful League of Leagues I met this guy briefly at Comic-Con and bought his book. It's obsessively cool. Alan Moore on NPR! Life: The Video Game brilliant parody Email of the rich and famous Punctuation! your special pal Stuff you didn't know about King Kong (the original movie) To 10 Resume Mistakes Comics on the Internet: A Business Primer SnapNames claims to be able to jack domain names away from people who let them lapse. I've heard mixed reviews. It's a roll of the dice. For your $60 fee, you get no guarantee of anything but that they'll check it out for you. MacStumbler recently upgraded Read about the publisher O'Reilly US Media: SPINELESS ... and yet we have such a great tradition of muckrackers. Why do they suck do bad? Interesting article about Netflix Why I forked Gentoo ... the lesson is of course that there are politics everywhere. Interesting account. Captain of the Gravy Train Lizzie invents better way to do calculus awesome! George Orwell's Six Rules - excellent tips on concise writing. Mark Evanier has a blog - news from me I like him. I mentioned him briefly before. I like his wit. I like that he's a geek. He entertains me. And I'll be checking out his blog.  I tell you. I've been busy lately. Some stresses looking forward to the move. Mostly money, but it's all doable. The summer is winding up with a bang!A whole bunch of links and I think they all work and are current. But no promises. Ogg Vorbis, beaten by MP3 SVG, beaten by Flash PNG, beaten by JPEG & GIF yeah, this post for geeks onlyde Facto and de Jure, a meditation in File Formats Artist &amp; Craftsman Supply - Store Locations, Hours and Contact Info ... specifically the one on San Diego Avenue.I want to remember this Had a good mellow day. Sorting out some stuff. Things are busy but good. Lots of email. Had grilled cheese for dinner. Sometimes, it's about the simple things. Now: bedtime.Goodness This looks pretty good: San Diego .NET Developers Group -- also added to WebSanDiego.org's resources for web developers (mostly a list of other local geek networking organizations).SD .NET Group The former URMCargo dot com will relaunch sometime in the next 12-96 hours as URM Cargo Services (dot com). This was probably the first site I built where I did every piece. The html is old old old school (spacer gifs!), but I made sure it validated and worked and looked right in all browsers. And it's time it went back up. The thing still works! The old domain lapsed sometime last year, and it dropped off the radar, and it also got swept up by domain squatters, so it's time to reclaim some space on the web for URM. It may not be up yet, but it will be soon.Relaunch: URM Cargo I posted to San Diego Blog a query on the proposed Spirit of the Seas. What do you think?Big Shamus in Big Controversy Office SpaceMovie of the Day I thought this was a pretty thoughtful article: Robotic Nation, by Marshall Brain. Hyperbolic? The author makes the science fictional notion that robots will take over most service jobs in the next 50 years and makes it seem plausible.Robots ate my job! The wedding we (Leah and I) went to today went swimmingly. Later, we went and did laundry. I'm relaxed, and ready for a new week. New challenges and puzzlements, as per usual, but I am lucky. I like my life.liking my life Leah and I went to one wedding yesterday - a house party wedding northeast of Escondido. That was fun! Some impromptu dancing did occur. Today, another wedding, but this one closer to home. In other news, good racquetball yesterday morning. But in sadder news, my folks and sister flew back east after a very successful trip out here. I'll see them all again this year, so don't despair. I'm tired. Have bunches of email to catch up with. Maybe time to do some dishes as well. In better news, my roomie got out of the hospital the same day she had the blood clots, for those of you concerned. I wish her well. Okay, time to do some email.1 Wedding Down, 1 To Go (This Weekend) Brett Jackson has a cool moblog: interests include color, typoraphy, and other oddities in Gotham: ibjlogo.textamerica.com Brett is a kill Flash guy, visit his home, home on the webI Am Not Brett Jackson! Have I mentioned that I really love that snopes.com exists? Well, I do. Here, they debunk Hunting for Bambi, which got reported (via Reuters) on CNN! Chalk the coverage of this non-event publicity stunt to the general shoddiness of the mass media's brand of "journalism." Of particular note: this story featured violence and included video of topless women -- which as it turns out is a good way to get on television. The media does not seem to care if they are getting scammed. Disgusting.Debunking Paintballs and Nudity: Media Scammed Cool. A search for ronny vardy now includes a key result. Go Ronny!RonnyVardy.com in google! It Takes a Nation of Millions To Hold Us Back seared through my brain the year it came out. Lyrical density, noise and sound and multivariate references all over the place. I think I may have to add it to the playlist this week. Meanwhile, Chuck D is still around, and kicks ass on Fox News (via Anil Dash) I love the mixup which has "Bring the Noise" layered over M's "Pop Musik." Black is back / all in / we're gonna win / check it out / yeah y'all ya know / here we go again I think Chuck D may be the first person I ever listed to who said that the media was there for the taking. And I definitely listened.I Love Chuck D This: Making Over Mona, is an excellent example of using a viral game to market a product or service. (via M. Romen of mromen.com)It's Tchotchke-rific! That is what I said. And I'm not moving far. Downtown San Diego. So to those of you far away, sorry, I'm not moving near you. And to those of you who are not far away (aka close), I'm not leaving. Finished re-reading Snow Crash a few minutes ago. It's a beautiful day. Perhaps some basketball with my lady today. A job offer to consider this weekend. Saw fireworks last night with buds. Awesome. Rode in the back of a jeep in the cool night air. Awesome. Watched Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women yesterday. It was awful. Awesome. Played fetch and tug-of-war with a dog this morning. Awesome. This week I: cleaned the bathroom floor. And: cleaned the kitchen floor. I didn't think it was possible. Now Playing: Black Napkins from FZ:OZ Today I'm doing nothing. Awesome. Et Cetera Today was a delicious breakfast of smoked salmon and eggs, splendiferous rye toast, cinnamon toast, coffee, and excellent company. The word for the day is "Bubweiser" Last night watched a terrible movie and bed-and-breakfasted with friends in their place. Best. Sleepover. Ever.Breakfast... Hey! Unsolicited link from Doc Searls -- I talked to Doc briefly at the blogosphere thing and shook his hand. I particularly like his informal voice, and how he's passionate without being a person who flames others. There are people it would be infinitely FUN for me to flame, but it's not my style.Doclinked Behind the Typeface: Cooper BlackTypographical Humor and History Raped At The Pump - people use phonecams to show terrible gas prices. (via bb)That Textamerica is something! Doc Searls comments on how talk radio and blogging could be synergistic (as opposed to antagonistic).Talk Radio (Rush) vs. Blogs European Travel, Xtina!... no, actually even if I had the money I don't think I'd do that with it.Christina Trip: $2000 I have a lot of: They Might Be Giants, Matthew Sweet, New Order (and all related: Joy Division / Electronic / The Other Two / Revenge / Monaco), Zappa (of course), Christina Aguilera, Steely Dan, Roxy Music + Bryan Ferry, Tori Amos. More stuff done. Feeling less surly. Time for bed.Encoding: It's only the 6th and I'm already tired of this Month. But tonight I'm catching up on things I've been behind on. Site corrections. Correspondence. The whole nine. Right now I could use some serenity. But I know it's gonna be alright. Onward.Tired/Alright/Onward Tuesday I started and finished (on the bus) reading something I bought back at comic-con this year: Pop Gun War Trade Paperback. I am left a little mystified by it, but it was moving. It is part allegory, part simple story, with really engaging and whimsical art. I liked it a great deal. Check it on Amazon.Pop Gun War Nifty thing to to at night.Hedgehog@Molokini Google Watch Watch - Who watches the watchmen, indeed.That guy IS a crank The Lullabies record is now available for purchase.  Additional details (bios, sound clips, etc.) can be found at: www.thelullabies.com (that band includes stew) And be sure to check stew's interesting journal, stewsez And have you visited my stew/negro problem lyrics and links page? Yes, as a matter of fact I do think stew is a genius.I'll buy this next month I accepted in principle a position with the company I've been contracting with. Paperwork should be signed in a few more days. All things equal, I should rejoin the land of the medical-benefits-equipped in a few weeks.Gig Right now I'm listening to a band called Pylon. I am going through my CDs (I have many) and encoding them in iTunes onto my Mac. For 14 years I've been proudly displaying my CDs in whatever was my living room. In the new place, I'm less excited to do this. And more, having them out never served the function it was supposed to - to actually play my music. So I'm encoding it all and I look forward to many days of excellent "Shuffle" mode music in the new place.Pylon A wonderful, rambling series of suggestions for news organizations for how to use blogs to grab content from the public - moblogs, photoblogs, internal blogs, columnist blogs: Blogs have a place on news sites Back on July 4,  I noted that the Union Tribune started blogging After they had a somewhat derisive take on blogs back in February: a penny for your blogs, see also blogroots I would so love to work at a local news outlet and be their guru for all things blog.Suggestions to News Sites For How To Use BlogsSo.

Last year the sh*t hit the fan in my life.

My wife left me and everything turned inside-out and backwards and it all hurt like hell.

(Everything is healing nicely, thank you)

So when all that happened last year, something interesting happened. I kept blogging. I said:
I'm at a loss right now as to why I am sharing any of this here. I have not as of yet told my friends. Why make this most sensitive of topics available to anyone who cares to read it? The plain answer is that it feels honest to do so. I've been keeping this journal for over a year now, and this is something so earth-shattering that I can't not put it in here.

That was May 5, 2002.

So I shared myself on the web. Real emtional stuff. I met new people, forged new relationships, and learned a great deal from it. The commiseration of many people meant a lot to me.

So I see my man Chuck of Howling Point (who has been in the ol SanDiegoBloggers listing for a while), he has gotten sick, as in he has cancer.

I feel some surprise. I feel like, hey, man, this is so serious, don't put this online. Don't waste energy blogging, save it for the therapy.

Then I laugh at myself a half-a-second later and think, of course, it's exactly what you have to do. Express yourself. Put it all online. Be yourself. Share yourself. The net has a pretty big shoulder, man, and if you even get a few people commiserating with you -- maybe this person knows a good doctor. Maybe this person has good ideas for alternative therapies. Maybe another has suggestions about nutrition. And more -- there are probably folks who have gotten that very disease and can tell you there experience. I wish Chuck the best, and I'll be cheering for you. Yeah, I'm an agnostic, and at times like these I wish I could let loose with an honest may God be with you. But I can't. Instead I'll preach a gospel of self-knowledge, and positivity. Attitude is so important in facing anything out there. Kick ASS! is the phrase I like best. Whatever challenge you have before you -- go with gusto and find the strength inside you and kick that challenges' ass!

So Chuck, hang in there, and KICK ASS!

And, dear readers, do you know anything about cancer? Have experiences that may be worthwhile? Read his blog, and perhaps you'll have the notion to express yourself to him.

Peace to you all.Life is Real The Web Design Meetup Links Page linked to ye olde WebSanDiego.org, and hey, we linked to them too. Doncha love reciprocity?Reciprocity GameLords.net is some kind of O.B. network gaming establishment. Interesting.Ocean Beach Gaming PlaceMy laptop is temporarily out of commission, but when it's back in biz I think this tool: RAPS Advanced Protection System Wrap, looks quite useful. It's like a strong ultra-laptop-diaper!Cool Laptop Tool  For those who were wondering, the new Stew album, "Something Deeper Than These Changes" is slated to hit the shelves on September 23rd. I'm sure more details will be trickling in soon.  via the negro problem mailing list. more info at stewsongs.comNew Stew! Weekend good. Time for work. ...boy, that was briefWeekend I'm up. I set up Airport/WiFi/802.11b just now. The technology works. We like it. More moving today. Rock on.Early StartThere is internet here. I'm stunned. I am incredibly achy though. Even more moving tomorrow.

Everything I have is in boxes. My pal John helped out a lot today.

Leah's stuff is all here.

Leah made pasta tonight.

Even though much of what is here is in boxes, it feels homey.

I love Leah. This is home. This is a big change, and I was very emotional earlier thinking about what a change this is.

I am much more serene now than I was this morning, too. I got a lot done, but I was buzzing with stress too. The stress of packing every single item in your life into a truck. Well, almost everything. More tomorrow.

But tonight, serenity.Moving Continues. Gotten. Here I go.Truck Ben Hammersley's going to Afghanistan to blog about it. Gutsy. Crazy. Awesome. Now THAT is putting your life in your blog QA fellow by the name of Thierry leaves this comment:  used this page to solve my problem (exactly the content of  the page - I'm using PHP). The most relevant page I found. Thanks !!!!  I love little notes like that! You're welcome Thierry!Glad to be of service Moving phase 1 is complete. Leah's stuff is at the new place. Phase 2 will be my stuff, happening through the end of the month. Broadband access will be at the new place on Monday. More to do than I can possibly say. Leah is doing GREAT.Tired None yet. Stay tuned. Packing is happening in earnest. Today I started the new job officially. Just fine. Emotionally I'm good, though I wish more things were settled. I'm ready to be 100% in the new new place. But the change is going to be incremental. Sometimes that's how life is. Stay tuned. There's lots more news coming here in August. Thanks for your patience!New New News What a day yesterday! Too much to say. Gotta work. What a week! Onwardness!Whew So my laptop is out of commission, so this is a post from one of the public and anonymous terminals at The Living Room. Meetup in half an hour. I hope the turnout is as good as the RVSP page seems to indicate. Good stuff happening. Moving this week and through the end of the month. Leah is here too. Pretty awesome all around. Is this place going to hold all those people? I guess we'll see.@ The Meetup Web Design Meetup, 108 members, 25 affirmative RSVPs. Nice. Should be awesome.Web Design Meetup San Diego: TONIGHT I added a FOAF file to the root of my webserver. Though I've not added any friends. Can FOAF even work? Can machine-based semantic web ever hope to approximate the nuances of human relationships, which change over time with subtlety? Anyway, more about FOAF here.FOAFAndy of waxy.org updated his Celebrity Moblogging posting with an active one: http://celebs.buzznet.com/cat/ -- which currently has Randy Newman as the main phone-shot-pic. And interestingly, Andy had commented on my post about Newman some time back.

A wee bit of circuitous synchronicity for a Tuesday evening.Celeb Moblogging In The Wild. I don't use any of the fink tools. So it's time to remove them: how to remove fink. this post for OS X geeks onlyHow to remove fink The San Diego Union Tribune has yet another new blog: the hungry i: A Weblog dedicated to food, wine and the good life -- you can see others here at San Diego U-T Blogs. Go Union Trib! I've talked about the U-T blogging since they started.New U-T Blog Gail Zappa is also running for Governor (Gail is Frank's widow) Zappa News Alert Weekend is over. Almost done importing music. Today listening to lots of Bryan Ferry and Roxy Music at work. Spoils of that manual labor importing mp3s into iTunes. Only one link today: Jessie "The Body" Ventura" gives advice to Arnold Schwartzenegger Brief Political Musing: I was against the recall (we have ELECTIONS to do what's happening now); but is it possible this recall is more like democracy than our usual elections? People are confused and it's all entirely chaotic. The field seems wide open, and with the person with the best name recognition leading the pack. In this environment, perhaps political power is all about the Q Score.I can't think of a good title today.Blogger.com Help is up. I tell you, since its' acquisition by Google, the service is better, faster, and more reliable. I set up a demo blog for a colleague a few weeks ago, and with Blogger it was trivially easy. I was pleasantly surprised by how well it worked, and how quickly they could get in and participate in the blog, without any previous knowledge. That said, TypePad seems like the service-to-beat. But then, they don't  have free accounts anyway. If you have no money for your blog, Blogger.com is still the way to go. When I started my San Diego Blog I considered waiting for something better, or doing the Movable Type thing, but, feh, it still bugs me how it's the default answer for setting up a complex blog. Here's where I again wonder why there isn't anything as slick as MT which is open source. Blog software is not hard to write, but making it as intuitive as possible, easy to learn, is an interaction design and UI challenge. And I suppose open source stuff still stinks at that.Blogger Continuous Quality Improvement; Blog Software Musings This is interesting. A lookup for people (I think executives?) in business here's me - I squeak by with two mentions for The Web Standards Project, and one from a conference I attended in 2000. But not for other companies I was a part of. It looks like it's not using resumes, but rather using public statements found variously on the web. (via evhead)eliyon CorporateAlumniOh, so this is how we lose touch with reality about how women actually look Check out these shots of a bikini woman -- you see the "final" image when you first visit. Then put your cursor over the image to see what it looked like before digital processing: Bikini Girl. If one is wondering how we develop impossible standards of beauty that give girls and women neurosis about how they look, perhaps it's because we quite literally have imagery that is inhuman. Anorexia, botox, liposuction and many other ills seem to me quite intuitively linked to producing expectations in females that are not possible to obtain. via kottke.orgOh...Still importing tonight. Latest imports include Digable Planets, Neneh Cherry, Motorhead, Mono Puff, Miles Davis, Bud Powell, more Tom Waits, and a lot of Mighty Might Bosstones.

Good day today. Productive work. I went to a used bookstore today and appreciated some old books on typography. Wandering and enjoying the phenomenon of downtown San Diego.

I'm thinking about a post for San Diego Blog - a nostalgia piece. Still not sure what shape that blog is taking. But that's cool. What's the hurry?

Next week: moving starts and continues through the end of the month.

Next week, websandiego.org is glomming onto the webdesign meetup. It's gaining a lot of members. We're (San Diego is)#5 worldwide. I want to do something interesting. Ideas percolating for something interesting. We'll see if the idea germinates or remains a seed.

Things aren't bad all in all.

More later this weekend.The outer edges of my music collection The move is done. We have evermore boxes. I am extremely achy, but I feel good to have it done. I still have some services I need to transfer (renter's insurance, home phone) but things are good. Leah rocks, and her kids are here this labor day weekend. All in all, the whole thing has gone about about as well as could be expected, as Wallace and Gomit would say. And I got word today that a new Stew Record: Something Deeper Than These Changes will come out later this month. By the way, his lyrical nearly incoherent musings on craft vs. formula are there on his journal, stew sez. So, when's Stew going to come to San Diego again? Other notes: I borrowed a car this weekend from a family member and it has worked out stunningly well. Okay, more unpacking. Move: COMPLETE Leah's kids are here for the weekend. The new place is surprisingly scalable for having them over. I have more to do at the old place today. The last of the "stuff" to remove, many small boxes, plus cleaning of the kitchen and the bathroom needs to be done. And nails to remove. It's going to be a full day I think. For Sassy: A Law &amp; Order Coloring Book! I hope you all have a wonderful weekend! Update A mention on la casa de los jergs, eyunta.com.A new high? Or a new low? AOL Journals launches here's my test journal: http://journals.aol.com/artlung/thoughts/ likes: simple layout rss by default comments enabled (can be disabled) easy to edit very friendly can all be done via the web can have more than one journal love: post via AIM dislike: limited customization lots of AOL branding slightly too long urlMy New AOL Journal Still not entirely moved out of the old place Love that we have an avocado tree in the back yard Claw-foot tub $1.07 shower curtain Boxes galore Scary crawlspace High ceilings Cool breezes View of San Diego skyline Big kitchen No "designated" parking Working-class neighborhood Shared but good washing machines Killer art room Good fridge Need more curtains Loving it so far 16 minutes home from the time I get on the bus to the time I step in the door Walking distance to Influx Going there now OnwardMoving Update So I was so delighted that Cox had the cable here and working - both TV and cable modem - I thought finally, the cable companies get it right. Well, turns out they're idiots. In addition to executing MY MONDAY ORDER to transfer service to me and my name for my new place; they executed another order. The other was THE PREVIOUS TENANT'S ORDER to terminate their service. Now, when I, diligent customer that I am, had them bring the property under my name, one would think that the person taking the order would say, "hey, there's a stop order on that property, let's not carry that out." Think again kids. Someone had to come out because apparently they actually *cut cable* to terminate service on this property. They're crediting my account $20 and got it back up 24 hours later. Nice of them, but -- was this trip really necessary? Mr. Crawford, We're So Sorry This Happened Bruce Sterling will start blogging for Wired Magazine. Color me intrigued. I supposed Wired should have been blogging years ago though.Bruce Sterling Stops Infinite Matrix Blog, Will Start Wired BlogSan Diego Web Design Meetup today!

My folks got in safe last night, yay!

I got rid of many boxes last night -- gave them to a friend and his wife who are moving! So fun!

Tuesday night, Racquetball class was good. It put me low - I was achey and creaky and fell directly to sleep.

Now, work.For Today A small useless token of remembranceRememberI guess the revenue model is textads. Blogger Pro features to get rolled into free product, refunds going to go to Blogger Pro users.

I'm glad I've stuck with Blogger.Blogger Pro no longer for-pay Went to a party on Saturday -- that was boss. Saw Step Into Liquid -- that was moving (I cried!) The house is coming along great We're going to have a garage sale Saturday We've scheduled a housewarming party -- choosing the invite list was fun -- I know a lot of people, but I don't want them all to come have a drink with me I really like hot beef jerky -- though I can't say the same for my stomach My folks are on their way to California by car -- can't wait to see them Leah and I have A LOT of paintings and pictures -- we're deciding which ones go where We really need to do laundry I start a racquetball class tonight -- that may be interesting Walking onto the San Diego City College campus yesterday was a bit disorienting after 15 years I was happy to see their processes seem to have improved Thursday there's a new webdesign meetup -- should be great again SUMMARY: things good, things busy, things fun, things best when one on one not taken too seriously OnwardSome stray updates Quixtar Blog linked to my Quixtar Links page. And vice versa.QuixLink Back in August Leah took some photos of the webdesign meetup. I'm doing some hard-drive cleaning, so here are some meetup photos. The next one is this week, on September 11th.4 Meetup Photos More stuff going to the trash and filling our landfills while perpetuating our throwaway culture... Comcollect: non-sports card collecting site... I have a few cards. There's a movie now filming in Prague, Rome, Paris, and Los Angeles called Van Helsing and it features The Wolfman, Dracula, and Frankenstein's Monster. Sharon George is an artist of fantasy / "goddess" art, not my taste, but she's got a killer domain name -- she got gorgeousgeorge.com Kinokuniya is a worldwide book chain, and there's one in Little Tokyo. They also sell anime and manga. That's why they were at Con. I forgot TwoMorrows Publishing, they're still cool. CafePress was there. And a new similar service -- they do full color or black and white books -- udoprinting.com. Seonna Hong is a cool playful illustrator. Hey, I forgot about the blood drive! sandiegobloodbank.org was there! Hey, Astro Boy is coming to Kids WB this fall. Curtis Broadway is an interesting illustrator. SharkSlayer is a new animated movie with a bizarre cast (Ziggy Marley, Will Smith, Peter Falk, and others?) coming in Fall of 2004. Attack of The Killer Tomatoes is coming to DVD this month. Supposedly on Rhino Home Video. Neopets are huge. Supposedly there's a new magazine dedicated to them: beckettanime.com/neopets/. Another 2004 movie Shrek 2. I don't want to, but I almost feel I must, ridicule The San Diego Star Wars Society. And another interesting illustrator, Tim Biskup. An interesting Orange, California corsetry shop was there: Ms. Antoinette's Versatile Fashions. Seattle is working on a new museum: Experience Science Fiction : ESF opens in Summer of 2004, and on the board: ArtLung favorite Neal Stephenson, among other luminaries. The Java Girl comic looks truly inane. Bill Cole Enterprises makes great comic boxes and bags. Eovia makes software like VectorStyle, which exports to Flash and 3-D vector, and Carrara 2, for web print and video. Their stuff is for both Windows and Macintosh. XXXTremeStickers makes, extreme stickers featuring scantily (sometimes less than scantily) clad women. It's essentially pornographic in nature, and I found myself wondering how it was different from, say Sorayama or Olivia or Vargas. And I think the difference is that it just feels different to me. When Leah went with me to Con, she was appalled to see young boys sneaking long glances at the folders they had open. I myself am a fan of pinup art, heck, I have my Ronny Vardy fansite. But I guess it's like the famous metric for obscenity -- "I know it when I see it." I missed this Matt Wagner title: Trinity. A book that looks really interesting: Planet of the Apes as American Myth, I'm putting it on my Amazon Wishlist. Another of the EXCELLENT seasonal oversized, Alex Ross illustrated DC Comics will be out this fall, Liberty and Justice. Millenium Actress, a Japanese anime, looks interesting. I know one of the guys involved in the company behind Comic Book: The Movie. Haunted Mansion, the movie, comes out soon. The cool bag I got with its logo ripped during my move (awww), but all good things must come to an end. ... And on an RT note: another staffing agency for Respiratory Therapists: onassignment.com Archaeology - Comic Con Stuff; And More Miva is an interesting small company. They've got their own server-parsed language, and they build (especially) eCommerce type functionality. It's not as well known as PHP or ASP, but they've done a good job marketing and are still around, several years later (I once interviewed with them for a job as a designer, probably in 99 or so) And there's a Miva Conference happening now. Interesting. See the news of their acquisition at: findwhat.com and miva.com.Miva Acquired I think this explanation of the USA's two parties current operating methodologies is apt: Democrats = mediocrity; Republicans = lottery ticket. It's undeniably snarky, but rings true. Myself, I think most politicians of both these parties are dunderheads, and when not dunderheaded, deceptive. Though I tell you, that Howard Dean makes a heckuvan impression. But perhaps I'm biased because the dude has his own blogSnickeringly Funny Phil G Posttraveling RT gig via Platinum Select StaffingAnd another...Hello sports fans. The three day weekend is nearly over. L. is taking her kids back up north. I'm here unpacking boxes, making goodwill piles, all the while watching TV stalwarts The West Wing and Law &amp; Order.

Unpacking things quite naturally leads one to throw things away.

Some things are noteworthy. Some things garner a mention here.

Item: One note once left under my door, because one night this year my neighbors pounded on the wall of my bedroom for noise -- there was no noise! I continued my chatting session in iChat, and turned the TV down even further. A minute later, there was more pounding! I was incredulous. Soon the doorbell rang. It was my neighbor, complaining about noise. Complaining that it sounded like a "videogame" - a "beep beep" -- turns out my iChat session, with the tiny "blorp" sound on every incoming instant message, was the problem. I promptly muted my computer that weeknight at 10:30pm.

And now, the contents of said note:

THANK YOU FOR BEING SO UNDERSTANDING LAST NIGHT. WE DON'T WANT YOU TO THINK THAT WE ARE BAD NEIGHBORS AND HOPE THAT IF WE MAKE ANY NOISE FOR YOU TO LET US KNOW.

THANKS AGAIN, YOUR NEIGHBORS

I was quite touched, actually. I'm a big fan of reciprocity, and I learned that my speakers are pretty badass when they're next to the wall.

ITEM NEXT: Two mailed flyers for organizations of possible interest to Respiratory Therapists:  cheu.org: Caregivers and Healthcare Employees Union intelistaf.com: InteliStaf Healthcare  I get solicitations for work via my RT Resume pretty regularly - via email, via phone, so I keep current. I've been thinking for a while I should put together a community website for RTs. Anyone interested in such a thing?Archeology: Respiratory Therapy & NeighborsZappa talking, Thursday. I'll have to record this! (for personal use only silly!) Thanks rudy!Zappa, ThursdayIs it a clich&eacute; to ask how we got here so fast?September? Took off early Friday Packed up the truck Drove up north Talking Heads on CD Slowgoing, but good company Made it there in a few hours Picked up kids Met Leah's parents Hung out till sleep Morning kid's football game Got there too early Breakfast at Denny's with Leah's parents and kids Back to the football game to deliver a player Game was great Talked a lot to Leah's Mom Got lots of sun (and Leah a little sunburnt) Went to a baptism (Mormon Baptism) Extraordinary event Back to the home of Leah's ex Trepidatious but okay Left there and got dinner Four Seasons store a time warp (Why did they have magazines from 2002?) Back for the kids Othello and Jungle Book Breakfast continental Dropped off the kids Headed back south Basket preparation from Target Leah has skills Visited Los Angeles Cathedral Explained some Catholic Doctrine Admired the extraordinary Cathedral More heading south Visted friend Chris, and his wife and daughter and new son Wonderful talk and company His daughter has grown so much in the past few years! Lunch at Heroes Young Zachary is remarkable More driving south Making good time Some groceries at Whole Foods Home Home / Good to be home Juicing like crazy Unpacking and relaxing Wonderful talk, cathartic talk What a good life What a lucky life. Weekend Unique A little bird (named Lilia Phleger Benjamin) told me...  Hey Joe, I'm in the Fall/Winter issue of Entrepreneur Magazine's "Be Your Own Boss" edition... page 6, talking about online groups, and she included my mention of WebSanDiego.org!  So, that's pretty cool. Thanks mucho Lilia!WebSanDiego.org Press Mention And oh yeah, last night Quicksilver came out. And I bought it. And so far I like it. And it weighs a ton.  And it's so dense NS has launched a wiki to let readers annotate and explicate the thing. Welcome to the 21st Century, where concordances happen in real-time.Neal Stephenson's Quicksilver  frederick douglass hip-hop king (mind the noose and fare thee well) came to me inside my dream  (mind the noose and fare thee well) his advice rang like a bell:  (mind the noose and fare the well) mind the noose and fare thee well  (mind the noose and fare thee well) ... well, love is not the enemy of life no, love can give more freedom than it takes if you'd like ... love is not the instrument of pain it's just your mind The lines that're stuck in my headNew blister on 4th toe or right foot. Still undefeated in my racquetball class. Tired but feeling good.

I have procured the signature to add the class. This time not in pencil, so when I take it to the Dean's office they won't look at me like an idiot when I look offended when they tell me the add form is an official document and needs to be in pen. Of course, nowhere on the form or in the instructions does it specify ink or anything.

I'm hoping I haven't made any other errors with the add form.

Experiences like losing a lunch hour because something was signed in pencil and not pen make one surly. It leads me to think things like "when I am king, I will fire your inflexible, bureaucratic, rigid-minded, halfwitted asses!"

Whew. Got that off my chest.

Sorry for the language there Mom. Not called for, but it's how I really felt. But moderation and calm have won the day, and I am falling in compliance with City College policies.

Time for bed now.Aches And A Lame WhineSomething Deeper Than These Changes comes out tuesday. I went to Tower today and they had one in the bins. I won't quibble that it's out a day early. I was hoping it would be there. So far I like it very much. But then, I'm a fan. The Statue Song makes me want to cry it's such a perfectly sad song. And of course some of it has made me laugh out loud already. Stew is a great favorite. Several months ago I went north to see him play with "The Cover Problem" in Los Angeles. Took a train up, and a bus to the gig, and a Greyhound back. It was a great disorienting/orienting evening. The man actually recognized me, we having had corresponded since I set up his online "diary" stew sez.

The new record actually includes lyrics. I've been transcribing Stew/The Negro Problem lyrics since 1999 or so (and I think I can believe my smorgasborg). So it's kind of neat to have the lyrics and not have to interpret so much, not that the lyrics aren't a hodgepodge of baroque, arcana. Stew's words are lovable to me precisely because he woos the muse of the odd.

I've seen Stew play several times now here in San Diego. I think three times. And then up in Los Angeles with TCP.

It's bittersweet then, to note the news that he and Heidi Rodewald appear to be headed to Gotham.

As usual, Stew has insight to burn, and kicks the ass of anyone who thinks it's a dis to L.A., or who thinks the move legitimizes the NYC bigotry of New Yorkers. That bigotry being that NYC is somehow the greatest city in the world. Screw that. He says, on the negroproblem mailing list:

New York Provincialism - one of my big topics. my biggest problem with NY  (besides large rents and larger roaches) is New York's weird love affair with  itself. It strikes me as oddly provincial for a place so super cool.

A NYer was recently complaining to me about how boring a certain very small city was that she got stuck in during a business trip and how "horrible" it was  that there was so little to do there. A Manhattanite complaining about a small  town being boring is as childish and absurd as a bumpkin whining about Times Square traffic.

I love that The Man Himself runs a little mailing list -- and posts to it.

So Stew will be in residency, more or less, in the Northeast. I wish him well, and I hope Stew and Heidi find the city wonderful and invigorating.

I'm sad to hear them leaving SoCal, even if it only ends up temporary. But I'm also reminded of a certain Frank Zappa, taking up a residency in the Garrick Theatre of NYC in 1967.

In the end Zappa was more a creature of L.A., and returned "home" to Los Angeles. Comparable? Time will tell.

These changes are deep for Stew I think. I say, mind the noose and fare thee well.These ChangesAwesome party last night. You really had to be there. Leah and I are blessed with wonderful friends.

I'm tired but I'm working, yeah

The new place is officially christened. In spoons and beer and the kind of excellent talk you get when people have no agendas and chill out the way human beings can when we are at our social best.

No, I'm not afraid to intellectualized things of the heart. There's definitely something happens when good people together that is inexplicable, unreproducible, mysterious, and wonderful.

And I mean wonderful as "full of wonder."

There's some wax to clean from the living room. And the floors could use some cleaning, but all is right with the world. I'm struck by the sense that...

And I am right,
And you are right,
And all is right -- too-looral-lay!Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Work not bad Car insurance enabled Racquetball class rewarding Two feet aching Truck driving well College parking sucking Dishes need doing Rearviewmirror fall down okay, cheated there Address changes pending Bills paid today Still in arrears Home office chaos Leah stomach churning New curtains awesome Hot dogs enjoyable This entry overThree word updates SDWUG / Golden Hills Free Web Meeting on Community Wireless [16-Sep-2003] Perl Mongers [16-Sep-2003] SanDCHI's September Meeting Announcement [17-Sep-2003] Hacking - ACM San Diego [18-Sep-2003] UX SIG meeting at Mitchell [23-Sep-2003] Toorcon [26-28-Sep-2003] San Diego Computer / Web / Geek Events for This Month So I had a long talk with my friend Chris last night, and we caught up and talked and talked. He and his wife recently had another child. Young Zachary. I've been asked to be a Godparent. I wept and was honored. So how well does an unorthodox lapsed Catholic agnostic do that? I don't think I can do any worse than other people do, and I might even do better. So here's something I haven't thought about lately: spirituality, spiritual growth, and teaching. And really, there's much more going on. That's just a snippet. Ikea and Target were also interesting last night. And yes, Der Wienerschnitzel. And the Trolley. I lead an interesting life, and I like it. I am happy. Time to shower and get to work. Onward. Now That's Unexpected Helped a bit with a pal moving. More progress today on the house. Leah created our living room today! Well, the basics were there, but it looks awesome. Didn't do a yard sale yet. Renter's insurance and car insurance is in place here now as well. The new vehicle is wonderful and useful. The bedroom looks great (lava lamp!). This old house has lots of doors, and we're covering one, but I think it's fine. The room has two other usable doors anyway. We have many more pictures on the walls too, and they're great. This is home. There is still much to do, but these issues are all finite, and it's all doable. Time to say... Onward. Stuff Done: Progress: 2003 First Bruce stopped his main blog, but he'll return on a Wired blog at some point, now William Gibson has stopped blogging. He says, and he's been writing for more than two decades, that blogging takes away from novel writing. I know there are other novelists who blog, Neil Gaiman for instance, so it can't be a truism. I wonder if there would be circumstances under which I would stop blogging altogether to put my mind on some other project. So, I'll miss Gibson, but I take solace that in a week, The Baroque Cycle begins with the 944 page Quicksilver, by Neal Stephenson.First Sterling, Then Gibson This morning: parents to airport at 6am Now playing: Montana by Zappa Need to: pay for racquetball class Must: car insurance Eating: canned corn and Tiger's Milk Drinking: orange juice Downloading: gentoo linux for PPC Wearing: Zappa t-shirt Doing: blogging and depacking Leah: out doing her stuff Tonight: more depacking with Leah Tomorrow (we hope): garage sale #1 Feeling: nifty, sweaty from racquetball this am Snapshot Okay, so I didn't want to leave up the 9/11 header, so here's a new one. The meetup tonight was good. I am tired. New Header I voted.It's true.Work today. Also, I need to figure out when I'm going to vote -- hey that was easy. I think I can vote before work. Other news: racquetball tonight. Also, the office is much cleaner now. Oh, and I added some Smorg items yesterday: my July 4th walk, further documented in the blog, also, a new item was added in photos, a neat prank at work that took place a few weeks ago.

I think the recall is a bad idea, but at the same time I have a sense that this is what democracy actually looks like. It's bizarre, you have a million choices, and in this attention economy, all it actually takes to be a statesmen is to have a good Q Score. I have a sense that this is what an election in Italy must be like. Hundreds of entrants, and a few strong, bullying contenders.

My Prediction: Arnold will win, and he will be BAD for California. I'm voting "No" on the recall.Election Day + RacquetballLeah and I have a mouse in the new place.

Tuesday night I was going for a chocolate bar in a basket on the kitchen counter. And I notice there's about a 1 inch by 1/4 inch chunk out of a corner -- with the attendant aluminum foil wrapper also gone.

When I say "gone," I mean "chewed away."

I say to Leah "uh... did you do this?"

She replies with an arched eyebrow: "No."

Leah actually saw a mouse a few weeks ago, in the bedroom. He (we presume it's male, but have no idea really) is a little off-white mouse. He was skittering across the floorboards. She, and then we, took to calling him Stuart (after Stuart Little).

Stuart. Cute.

However, when confronted with the prospect of rodent intruder in my food preparation area, I responded as Defender Of The House. I immediately laid out two traps. The nasty cartoon snap-a-mouse's back kind. I placed a trap at each end of our long counter. I baited each with, what else, that selfsame chocolate!

Wednesday morning the chocolate from Trap #1 was moved several inches. The trap worked perfectly when tested.

I have met the enemy, and like Al Queda, he is a smart rascal. Living among us.

In relaying this story to my good pal Sassy he gave me this advice:  they make these ones called 'hav-a-hart'
it's a little tube
and you put the food in the back
so the critter has to go all the way in to get it
then, the door shuts behind him
and he's not killed, you can go release him
when we were kids, we wouldn't allow my mom to use the real ones
they're a bit pricey, but I can attest to them working  I found the model he meant. It's this: M007 Live Catch.

What I've learned is that I have no real trouble marking a fellow earth-creature to death when it messes with my kitchen area. Vengeance is a powerful urge. When i put a PACKAGED food item on my kitchen counter I expect only the PAYING tenants to have access to said item. Across this line YOU DO NOT CROSS!

That is how I explain having put the killer traps into place Tuesday night.

Wednesday night I had settled down and Leah and I got the HavAHart traps. They now stand watch, loaded with peanut butter and chocolate.

Stuart doesn't want to die, so much as he wants to go live in Balboa Park somewhere. Far away from this house where my cookies and tea and crackers live.

As of this writing, Stuart remains "at large" - but I'm confident he can be apprehended and brought to justice.

Don't mess with my chocolate. Mouse.Sassy's post The Way, about Microsofttm's hokiness got me singing San Jose (The Way) (The Frankie Goes To Hollywood version). So of course I had to grab it via iTunes. Totally worth 99 cents.

I've never done Karaoke. But I bet I could do that song.

(Aside: only part of posting this is procrastination). San Jose Bruce Sterling: Ten Technologies That Deserve to Die Technologies are habits. And it's time to shed some bad ones. Re-hab even. I was blown away in the recent (September 2003) Harper's Index that: Maximum number of miles that Ford's most fuel-efficient 2003 car can drive on a gallon of gas : 36Maximum number its 1912 Model T could : 35  That is what I call ZERO PROGRESS. Time for some real progress. Some Bruce To tell you about: Filled buses, mousetraps, chocolate, peanut butter, boysenberry shakes, AAA memberships, creditors, hard-boiled eggs, freelance work, blisters, racquetball class, Reg-e, Nisus Writer, Omnigraffle, custom doors, plants fall down go boom, and AdSense. No time to talk now.Remind Me...  The biological basis for creativity is linked to mental illness mod_bandwidth documentation -- simulating bandwidth variations Study finds direct link between misinformation and public misconception (or FoxNews misinforms) Margaret Cho has a blog America owes talk host Rush Limbaugh a debt of gratitude, Libertarians say What is Leet speak? An Evolution of Alphabets! Google AdSense and Blogging Got Him Out Of Jury Duty Plush Cafe: a cyber cafe cool place in orange county Kintespace/rasx's quixotic lexicon of color and culture I think it would be fun to make these candy sushi pieces The Lockergnome RSS resource My pal Erin, knowing my tastes and interests pretty well as usual recommends to me: www.musicaltaste.com and www.the-brights.net  Did real well at Racquetball today - 5 games, one loss. Tired as a result. Have a little work to do tonight, gonna do it after blogging this. It looks like Leah is getting a chance to go see family of hers for Thanksgiving. Not here in town, sadly. My folks and sister and her boyfriend are coming here. Why does Seattle have to be so far away? I think we're going to be apart for Thanksgiving, which is a bummer. But there will be Christmas. And she'll have her kids, and see her brothers and sisters. So probably it's for the best. I'll manage here on the homestead. But I'll miss her like crazy. (Warning: Clich&eacute; alert: Like the song says, "you can't always get what you want." Religious topics are on my mind lately. More on this as it develops. My mom likes the new picture in the header. I like it too. I'm blessed with loving family and I think of Leah as part of that family. Two and a half weeks until my divorce is final. I wish Jennifer well, she's hit a rough spot. Things get better, really. Halloween coming up. New art to be posted soon. New art from 15 years ago, I should say. Okay, now I'm just procrastinating. Time to get to work. Onward!  Twenty Three Things; Some Links; Some personal Incidentally, some several days ago I saw School of Rock, and I laughed so so so hard. Leah and I saw it to "cleanse our palate" after being gored and stimulated to the redline while seeing Kill Bill Volume 1, which was quite a lot to take, and a movie I want to see again, but is also bloody with a capital "B." The counterpoint to the bloodiness is that there's a sense of humor and unreality behind it. It's a kung-fu picture. the swordplay picture to end all swordplay pictures. Until Volume 2, I guess. But I love samurai stories. Ghost Dog. Samurai Jack. Lone Wolf and Cub. Ronin. These are bloody stories. When one carries a sword, how can blood be avoided? Something to ponder.Instant Classic; Bloody Samurai I am, in fact, excited about Mac OS 10.3: Panther coming out this Friday. I intend to be at some Apple Store, either Fashion Valley or UTC, which is having its GRAND opening. Oh, and iTunes for Windows is great on the home network Leah and I share. On a sadder note, the power cord my Clamshell iBook has has a very bad physical connection, and tonight I actually started to see a shell prompt instead of a startup. It has ZERO battery life anymore, making couch web browsing and email checking and movie-time checking problematic. We're still investigating solutions.Black Panther Party Check me out:



I believe I'm predicting the Cubs loss in 2003 in that picture.

Just kidding, I don't follow baseball. that's what Tony Pierce of Busblog does.Yup, I'm cute. Bill McClellan wonders: if Bill Clinton were an addict, how might Rush Limbaugh spin it?Glass Houses Mitch Wagner's post Blame the mother is thought provoking as well. I was sometimes a latch-key kid, but had something happened to me I can't see holding my parents responsible for whatever that might have been. Read it, it will make you think. More local thoughtfulness Emese wonders Is photoblogging good for photography? -- Emese's Photoblog has wonderful photos, is local, and is readable. What more could you ask for? bookmark the site now. Excellent pictures on a regular basis.Photoblogging and Phototography?  "A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves largesse (generous gifts) from the public  treasury.  From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidates promising the most benefits  from the public treasury, with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy, (which  is) always followed by a dictatorship." "The average age of the world's greatest civilization has been  two hundred years. These nations have progressed through this sequence. From bondage to spiritual faith; from spiritual  faith to great courage; from courage to liberty; from liberty to abundance, from abundance to complacency; from complacency  to apathy, from apathy to dependence, from dependence back into bondage."  Let's hope we have more of an ability to refresh the body politic than that quote might indicate is a foregone conclusion. From Scots Historian Professor Alexander Tyler, circa 1787, Re: The Fall of the Athenian Republic I find it idiotic that the first search result for "satay" is the "Flash Satay" method of including a .swf file. http://www.google.com/search?q=sataySearch Result: Satay Here comes a bucketful of randomness.Randomness For those who did not notice, there's a new header on the blog.New Header  1. To imperfectly transform information 2. A comprehensive rewrite of a routine, data structure or the whole    program.  (source and complete definition at The Jargon File) Lately I've been noticing sometimes I, and others, "munge" together related concepts in ways that interfere with understanding the original concepts. Sometimes, one does not even realize that one concept has been confused for the other. For example, in my marriage, at times I would get upset with my soon-to-be-ex wife about housework, call it "Thing Y" -- at heart I might be upset and resentful about "Thing X," but instead of actually talking about Thing X, I would be a jerk about Thing Y. A lesson I learned in communication, in CoDA, and in therapy is that I must try and find what I am feeling about. What is the source of my present happiness / sadness / anger / calm -- what is really happening inside my heart? I find the answer sometimes surprises me. Related: transference, which is typically defined as transferring feelings about a significant other to a therapist. But just as easily, I think feelings about someone significant can be transferred to a concept or person. I'd rather, at the moment, not be specific about this, and my thoughts are inchaote. But there's something interesting here. I think it's about our intuitive brains going a step too far. We take the experience of one negative thing -- and we apply the lesson to a larger group, even when that larger group does not deserve any such judgement. Munge is a word I usually use in a programming context. But the way human beings munge together people and things can be detrimental.Munge Anyone troubled by questions about why I, or any blogger, posts what they post when they post it -- how they decide what is public -- how to think about maintaining a public web site of any kind -- should check out this piece on Danny O'Brien's Oblomovka that talks about inherent differences between public websites, private conversations, and the little spaces between. I particularly like this observation:  The problem here is one (ironically) of register. In the real world, we have conversations in public, in private, and in secret. All three are quite separate. The public is what we say to a crowd; the private is what we chatter amongst ourselves, when free from the demands of the crowd; and the secret is what we keep from everyone but our confidant. Secrecy implies intrigue, implies you have something to hide. Being private doesn't. You can have a private gathering, but it isn't necessarily a secret. All these conversations have different implications, different tones. Most people have, in the back of their mind, the belief that what they say to their friends, they would be happy to say in public, in the same words. It isn't true, and if you don't believe me, tape-record yourself talking to your friends one day, and then upload it to your website for the world to hear. Food for thought. Mmmm, Good Reading The head lemur has a new blog: raving lunacy.Go Lemur!Man in space from China: Taikonaut! previous blog mention.

Red Star, Spring Orbit.Historical Event Of The Day Tired! But seriously, it's all good. Won at racquetball class last night. Only one net loss so far. However, I did get hit in the cheek with a ball. And I fell once, though I recovered pretty fast, and I think I really do know how to fall properly. Work proceeds on several fronts in the design space. Some nice compliments lately on various sites of mine. These are nice small recognitions. Stuart remains on the loose. Time for a shower and werk!Word for the day I'm still reading Quicksilver, and enjoying its excursion into 1600 and 1700s history. It's illuminating and fascinating. I'm still only 150 pages in of the 900-some pages. I'm thinking of it as not cyberpunk, not steampunk, but rather, NaturalPhilosophyPunk. In other news, in a month my divorce from Jennifer will be final. Time passeth.. This weekend Leah and I had a yard sale. We did awesome. Redistributing our non-useful and non-productive effects. We grossed $85 and had time with help from our friend Margot and some good weather. The balance of the stuff we took to Goodwill around the corner. We also had a visit from friends of Leah and their two kids. That was good fun. One cannot beat good company, really. My ex-toaster oven was withheld from the sale, as it now has been seconded to the "kitchen" at my current employer. I hope it has many years of service. I'm feeling good tonight. It was a good day, a productive day. It's a good life.Ye Update I keep hearing the word "mandate" bandied about with regards to the Recall election. I don't like that word. Not everyone agrees with me. Let me tell you why I think what I think. To do so, let's explore, in a very How To Lie With Statistics way. Statistics and numbers always come with what Bill "walking off in a huff" O'Reilly calls "spin." One can make numbers contort to make your point. This is something that innumeracy makes worse. So let's do some mathematics. Google will help. Here's the election summary.  Votes against recall: 3,559,400 Votes for Schwarzenegger: 3,743,393 The difference between the two: 3,743,393 - 3,559,400 = 183,993 Expressing that as a percentage for/against recall: 183993 / (4,415,341 + 3,559,400) = 0.0230719719 Result: Voters ogainst the recall lost to Arnold voters by a 2.3% margin  So let's express all this in terms of voter turnout, to further throw cold water on the state's collective excitement about this election. OF COURSE I'M BIASED, I THOUGHT THE RECALL WAS NOT A GOOD IDEA, A DISTRACTION, AND A WASTE OF STATE FUNDS. Okay, voter turnout. State election statistics from this PDF file from www.ss.ca.gov.  Eligible voters in 2003: 21,833,141 Actually registered eligible voters: 15,380,536 Percentage of eligible actually registered: 70.45% On the question of the recall, 7,978,767 voted (4,416,280 + 3,562,487) So if we crunch these further: Percentage of eligible voters to vote for Arnold: 3,744,132 / 21,833,141 -- 17% Percentage of registered voters to vote for Arnold: 3,744,132 / 15,380,536 -- 24% Percentage of eligible voters who bothered to show up and vote at all: 7,978,767 / 21,833,141 -- 36.5% Percentage of registered voters who bothered to show up and vote all: 7,978,767 / 15,380,536 -- 51.9%  What I'm saying is despite all the wonderful excitement about how engaged we all are in this political process, in my opinion these numbers are low - and I'm not talking about Arnold as much as I'm talking about people getting involved in government at any level. I'm not denying Arnold won in the least. He's my Governor-Elect. I think I clearly use the term "mandate" and phrases like "the people have spoken" different than the media and those who like to put a face of unanimity on things. Perhaps talk like mine is not productive, but I'm a curious guy, and my mind wanders to the bigger picture. 37% of the eligible public voting is not something to be proud of. Where I went to school that was a failing grade. (There, I got all melodramatic). In pointing out these statistics I'm not necessarily saying 100% turnout would have changed the result. But there's clearly a problem here. The right to vote is central to how the "democracy" part of our democratic republic is supposed to work -- and yet it is ignored by 2 out of 3 people eligible? I continue to be mystified by this. It continues to upset me, and I will continue to harp on this issue indefinitely. Here's a random article via google on voter turnout:  Between 1980 and 1989, voter turnout in Sweden, Denmark and Greece ranged between 80 and 90 percent of the voting age population, according to experts. During the same period, the United States averaged 53 percent. In countries where voting is compulsory and staying home from the polls to watch television is punishable by a fine, such as Australia, Belgium and Austria, the figure was in excess of 90 percent.  So if we are to believe those numbers, voter turnout in this historic recall as expressed as a percentage of eligible citizens, this voter turnout is poor to average. Maybe a D+ if we're grading on a curve? That's how I read the numbers two days after the election. Recall Numbers Rethought Philip Greenspun is having trouble publishing his latest book:  Two publishers have approached us wanting to do a hardcopy version of http://philip.greenspun.com/internet-application-workbook/ (the textbook for 6.171 at MIT). Both have lost interest when we said that we wanted to keep the text online. To a traditional publisher the Web is a place for stuff that isn't quite good enough to sell. If the manuscript ever does become good enough to sell it should be made inaccessible to anyone who isn't able to scratch up the $40.  An amusing side note is that one of the publishers who felt that it was critical to make every last dime possible from the sale of our book was Microsoft Press, whose working capital is $40 billion.  I think O'Reilly would be a perfect match for a philg book. And I bet they'd let him keep his book online, just as he did Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing. Publish philgNo time to really talk now, but I offer you a diptych of myself in 1988 (directionless and morose) and 1992 (graduating with honors for Respiratory Care from CHS:CHRV). Lesson: Things can always change for the better. This is a lesson that I, and many people, learn continually.



Change is the only constant in the universe.Since the last update: fires being beaten back. More homes lost. Fires still going. Smoke is largely cleared in downtown. Freedexter corrected me on the issue of the schools being open. San Diego City Schools were/are off all week. Saw Shaolin Soccer last night. It's absolutely brilliant. BRILLIANTLY funny. I made these for the potluck at work. Also: saw more mice. Leah and I made a kill last night. The humane mousetraps failed. We both feel bad about it, but frankly, the mouse, I mean, mice (we have taken to calling them "The Stuarts") are not in the interests of public health. They must die, and we must kill them. All creatures have a right to exist, but not all creatures have a right to play in our kitchen area. That's really all for now. REALLY have to go to work now. I'm dressing as a Respiratory Therapist, I think. I'm a fan of the lazy costume.

And oh yeah, Happy Halloween. Trick or Treat?In Really Brief! Here in downtown San Diego, business appears to be back in business as the courthouses are back on. Leah drove me to the bus and I bussed it in and the activity level is much higher than it was Monday and Tuesday. Looks like a light, and mercifully grey fog has beaten back the smoke! The air no longer smells of campfire, and fewer people are wearing dust masks and surgical masks. (Yesterday I saw a San Diego Policeman driving with a dust mask on). My mind is more at ease, though the county is still under hellish conditions. The banner headline on the Union Tribune today is "BATTLE FOR JULIAN" -- another 200-300 homes were destroyed overnight near Julian. The town of Julian, famous for its Apple Festival and as a relaxing tourist destination experienced the onslaught overnight. Horrible. While San Diego kids are no longer having snow smoke days, their schools are back on, kids out in the county still have the day off. And they're still at risk. We have several fires still raging. Check the map here to see the shape of the "front" of the fire. But note also, we have four separate areas with named fires: This U-T map shows Pendleton, Paradise, Cedar, and Otay fires actively burning. On a blog note, I submitted my posts from ArtLung, San Diego Blog and San Diego Bloggers to BoingBoing and they were picked up. Traffic to those sites has risen, hopefully serving some public need for news about San Diego. Bloggers are still blogging, talking about their experiences and taking photos. Some of the linking sites are: Boing Boing, Doc Searls, Amy Langfeld, CriticalMas, St&ouml;r-Signale, Andy's Waxy.org Links, Tony Pierce, Nerd Boy Mikey's Electric Bugaloo, Emese, Easy Bake Coven, Lost Remote (which looks like an interesting TV News site). Thanks for linking, and thanks for talking about this thing which is huge news here, and a minor item everywhere else. These fires are current news. And the efforts to take care of those who lost homes are ongoing. This is a big blow to San Diego County. "Worst fire anyone can remember" is how people put it. City leaders begin their sentences with "I've been on the job 30, 40, 45 years, and this is the worst..." -- you get the picture. That's all for now. To my fellow San Diegans: take care. Fog versus Smoke So the fallout from the fires continues. I went to work today but most of the city had the day off. Downtown San Diego was eerie. Upside: I could park free anywhere because parking enforcement had the day off. I worked till 1, took lunch, and when I got back there was a memo from building management that they could not guarantee that ventilation would be okay. I left shortly after that.There's a light snowfall of ash, still and all day. I took photos which I posted. Leah had the day off too. I was glad to come home to her. We took it easy, conserving water and energy as the Mayor has asked us to do to maintain power and water pressure. Thousands remain without power. Many in outlying areas do not have potable water. It's a catastrophe. The worse news is that they don't really hope to have the fires under control until November 4th, next Tuesday. Until then we really are still in a state  of emergency. My heart and thoughts go out to those who have lost life and property in this fire. And again, it's not over yet. And now, the blog news: Emese has a great list of blogs with photos of the fire and aftermath. I've also gotten a bit of traffic to my San Diego Bloggers site today as a result of people seeking pictures and news. I went through tonight and updated the listing, trimming away dormant or dead blogs as best I could. I also made a list of the blogs mentioning the fire in some form or another. Also, Doc Searls and Electric Bugaloo linked to me. And google searches are a big factor. I'm not sure there is any better indication that the internet and personal publishing is powerful than the news encapsulated in the blogs below. Personal accounts and thoughts of the folks here in San Diego feeling the effects first hand. It's amazing how many people were affected by this fire. Notable to me is that the San Diego Union-Tribune is using a bloggish format for part of their fire coverage. Note "blog" in the url. And now, blogs mentioning the fires here in San Diego, in utterly random order: (links open in new windows)  One-Trick CyberPony andrewphelps.com ben haus freedexter.com leahpeah blog rotten ryan Vista Seeker Yeah, Totally confessions of a 20-year-old spinster CriticalMAS toPointB.org Jon Sullivan livejournal for dylan anachronic pleonasm photote: emese's blog sd homies in my mind's zen garden thelivinghome.com Monkeys In My Pants lifestudent.com Sector 7-G A little bit bad a jaunty little blog this.that.the.other.thing The Daily Strick dancing at errant.org Lago at errant dot org Voz37's Journal HoyStory.com Cinediva.com Caleb's Blog Joanie DaGoddess electric bugaloo gleek words lisa violet's diary a photogeek's weblog Chronicle Corvidae Beware the Edge San Diego Has It San Diego Blog Une rondelle de saucisson et l'addition Delirity San Diego Poetry Guild Bill's Bloggy Goodness ArtLung ChickenPie Howling Point Do you have that in my size? My Life As A Fischer Pat's Column When Boredom Sets In Global Error Log  (this post will be reposted to san diego blog) San Diego Bloggers Fallout Well, fire fallout photos in Downtown San Diego, by me. Painting the town brown.Fire Fotos I've linked some more links over at San Diego Blog on current events. Here are two pictures snatched from Yahoo News and Weather Underground. More Fire Coverage I forgot to mention. My entire neighborhood is bathed in amber light, a glow which is the result of half the sky being blotted out by lots of fires to the east and northeast. It's otherworldly, which only adds to my disorientation from the time change and from staying up late. In better news, my back feels like it's getting better. I've not done any permanent damage.Oh yeah, the fire It is with a heavy heart that I report that my iBook SE "clamshell" -- "Revision B" is what they call it here ... appears to be irrevocably dead. Mind you, this happened before I tried to install Panther. The patient would not boot up as of last Wednesday. Attempts to boot it would result in a long long wait followed by a shell prompt sh-2.05a#. Yesterday and this morning I was trying to install Panther and run the Disk Utilities. All attempts to format, partition, erase, or install anything are failing at this point. This looks very much to me like a hardware failure. That makes me sad. This machine has served me well for 1999. It's been a great machine with which to surf the net for one thing. It's got an AirPort card in it, 320MB of RAM, and despite its clock speed of 366Mhz is quite nice to work on, particularly writing and blogging. I can't tell you how many venues I've worked on it in -- but it's been very steadfast. Check out some of the pictures from my L.A. trip in February. It's been cross-country several times. It's been to client meetings and cafes, on trains and planes, in cars for wardriving. I think I could have seen this coming. For several months now it's had no, and I mean NO, battery life. Unplugging it from power put it immediately to sleep, or worse, shut it down entirely. I think that happened enough times that I must have introduced garbage onto the 6GB hard drive. It's still a supremely cute machine. People and kids universally look at in and think it's real cute. Unfortunately, it's now a supremely cute paperweight. It needs a new hard drive and battery. And the form factor would not make a good Macquarium On some searching, looks like replacing the hard drive is painful, It looks like I can get the hard drive upgraded to 30GB for $249 with MCE Technologies. Additionally, an iBook battery would cost me $139. So minus shipping, we're at $388 to get the iBook back to normal. It's at this point that I will point out that the new lowest end iBook may be a better deal. Clock speed on that new machine is 800Mhz (double 'Clammy'); comes with a 30GB HD (same as what I would get by upgrading, 5 times as much as Clammy); Has a 12 inch screen (same as Clammy). It also has things that Clammy has no hope of ever having: Firewire and a DVD drive. It starts at $1100. I can't tell at this point if it I could move my existing RAM upgrade into this machine. I'm also not sure my old (non 802.11g/Extreme) AirPort card would fit into it properly. So $388 to get my machine back to where it was in 1999. Or $1100 (3 times as much money) to get a super-spiffy replacement. I'll mull it over. I feel like Strong Bad when he exclaims UNDELETED! after his trusty old Tandy blew up. Eventually, "For behold --  the 386, a spectacle of graphics and sound!". So, from hardware-failure-land. Onward.Clamshell Down Fun cartoon via Erin:



Apparently a character from Shutterbug Follies. Thanks Erin!Thanks, Mr. Lung Installed Panther this morning. Under an hour to do the install. My job: click okay a few times, wonder if my old video cards in the G4 would work properly -- my XClaim 3D Plus and Rage Orion seem to be working fine. I'm not taking advantage of Quartz Extreme with these old video cards though. Expose is every bit as wonderful as the hype says it is. Even with my two monitors, things get cluttery. I can never quite see the desktop. Now, with Expose via keyboard shortcut or throwing my mouse pointer to a window cornerI can see everything I'm doing, or the desktop -- fast. This will provide me, a web developer who tends to have multiple windows open all the time (terminal, text editor, image editor, ftp editor, database interface, web browser, filesystem browser) with a big productivity boost. I've not installed Panther on my clamshell iBook yet, but I hope to, if it will cooperate. This weekend Leah is seeing her kids up north. This leaves me and the computers. Definitely a caveman weekend. On a physical note, I hurt my back a bit playing racquetball this morning. I'm taking ibuprofen and trying to take it easy. I think I need to stretch more diligently on Saturday playdays. We stretch before class on Tuesdays and I think to play my best I now need to do that. I certainly don't want any back problems, and for a guy of my size that would be no fun. Soon, hot bath.Panther Got in the UTC Apple store. Got in line at about 7:35pm. Not shabby. Panther in hand. Dog tags procured. Several hundred people here. Won a bet with the woman in front of me in line that we'd get in the door before 9pm. So I'm ahead a dollar already! New little iBooks look sweet. G5 very sexy. Later!I'm in. Getting in touch with my inner nerd tonight. Going to Get Panther at the new University Town Center Apple Store tonight. Anyone else going?Night of the Panther  STEW will be performing new songs and old faves in celebration of the latest release "Something Deeper Than These Changes" on WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 5TH 9pm (yes, 9pm) (And that's 9pm SHARP like cheddar) at CAFE LARGO 432 N. Fairfax Los Angeles between Melrose and Beverly across from Canter's There will be no STEW shows in LA for the rest of the year so this is it for a long while (unless yer moving to New York). If you wanna dig this show in a relaxed mode you should call and reserve a table and have a bite to eat or something. Dinner Reservations and General Info 323-852-1073 Not to diss any of the fine clubs Los Angeles has to offer but the new STEW stuff and Largo are really a perfect fit. Largo is what they call a "listening room." That's sort of a hint. Parking is available one block north of club on northeast corner of Fairfax and Rosewood.  I'm seriously considering going to this. Maybe on the train. Leah is not a Stew fan, but maybe we can do a train thing. Wednesday November 5th, Stew in Los Angeles prior to his New York Move Maybe it's time, like Jason Kottke, Andy Baio, or Anil Dash, to have a sidebar blog.  The Philippines is the model for Iraq?, Get settled, it's gonna be a bumpy ride. Rex Navarette, funny Filipino comedian Feynman at work! What's wrong with the 'Left Behind' books? Making computer generated women even more real Kynn goes off on a wrongheaded columnist about the current grocery workers strike San Diego events on upcoming.org If you use iTunes on Macintosh, you really should check out Clutter Disneyland Obsessives Pornography: decreases the impulse for real human contact, makes women and men both less able to deal with each other The sexuality of ads continues to increase, indiscriminately Why computer based terrorist profiling does not work, by Bruce Schneier Kid does research for school report, gets investigated by FBI Walter Cronkite on the new Inquisition, otherwise known as USA Patriot Act Merle Haggard against the war John Mellencamp against the war Be a Lego Master Builder I don't think this was reported much, but a UK teen shut down a US port via the internet because he was lovesick -- if that's not something from a William Gibson or Bruce Sterling novel, I don't know what is An interview with one of my favorite people, Harry Shearer Harry Shearer's website His radio show, Le Show Harry Shearer on Fresh Air Bill "can dish it out but can't take it" O'Reilly, always spinning Heard of the Sarbanes Oxley Act? Society of Illustrators San Diego Suddenly, soy is everywhere! NPR piece on the ethics of altering news photos More about the case of Patrick Schneider New York magazine likes Stew Even a monkey knows when things are not fair Bulldozing orchards of noncombatants is wrong Comparing the recent election to West's 'The Day of the Locust'  I'll think about it. If I had a sidebar blog, These are what I'd put in it. So the OCR on the new amazon within-book search is not that great. In my tiny quote in the GoLive 5 Bible they've read artlung.com as art7ung.com.  But still, I do show up in a book, which is nifty. Interesting thoughts on this new service over at backupbrain and nettle.art7ung.com? The new Mandy Moore record, Coverage (kids love it when I call CDs "records") is really wonderful. Great choices on covers. The Elton John, Waterboys and Joan Armatrading covers rock. Heck, almost all of them rock.And now, the good news DRUGS SUCK.Oh, wait, I have one lesson from that last post So there's another pop suicide: Elliot Smith. I'm no fan of suicide, in fact my cousin Eddie's death by his own hand is heavy marker on my map of life and how to live it. Some words from Stew on the Negro Problem Mailing list:  for many of us this terribly sad info will come as no surprise whatsoever. anyone even remotely "silverlake" or "pop geekish" or just unfortunate enough to have ever seen him in live meltdown mode was quite familiar with Smith's condition. ... What makes me really angry is how, just as in the case of cobain, record companies, managers, promoters and anyone else primed to make cash off the artist are happy to keep mum on the subject of whatever hell the artist is going thru instead of publicly calling attention to what may have started as a lifestyle choice but has clearly turned into a disease. And the record companies always win cuz for them the only thing better than young and cute is dead and mythic. ... I dont know which clique disgusts me more - the sick vulture fans who love to see their stars stumble and fall or the suits who stand to make a bundle while giving a really sensitive quote about Smith's artistry to rolling stone.com.  And more, an obituary pitchfork and on the official site for him, sweetadeline.net. I had never heard his name that I know of, but it saddens me. How can one not be intrigued by death? Our mortality is the subject of so much art. For Elliot, it was obviously front and center in his work. I have no lessons or conclusions for this post. I'll let the discomfort hang there. Suicide The other day I mentioned I dig Samurai, and then a few days later I was reminded of this lyric from Barenaked Ladies, the song, "One Week":  Like Kurasawa I make mad films Okay, I don't make films But if I did they'd have a Samurai Digging the Samurai Groove That was a full weekend.Whew Leah and I went to the opening of "The Grove" in South Park, a bookstore and more next to M-Theory -- we got there late, but it was kinda neat. The music playing was nice though. Yesterday was racquetball and chilling out mostly, after a hard week. I worked late Halloween, so missed out on festivities for the most part. I don't mind working holidays, really; but I like to know in advance. So that irritated me. Going to breakfast with a buddy now. Oh, and added a new header today. Have a great day!Super-brief and incomplete Did you know that San Diego Blogger Chuck, of Howling Point is blogging his cancer and treatment? There are millions of stories in the naked city. Chucks' is certainly a remarkable one. And sometimes, he writes his blog from the POV of his dog Pongo. Several million points for style, that.ChuckIn reference to this post... My friend Erin sent me:

These are the Jesus songs in my iTunes (just in case you wanted to  know):
Jesus Was Way Cool - King Missile
Jesus Christ Pose - Soundgarden
Jesus, Etc. - Wilco
What A Friend We Have In Jesus - Aretha Franklin
Jesus Shaves - David Sedaris
Jealous Of Jesus - Sebadoh
Jesus's Birthday - Bob Rivers

(Thanks E!)More Jesus iTunes Entries (aka: Songs) Stew on NPR  FROM NATIONAL PUBLIC RADIO'S ALL THINGS CONSIDERED : "Singer/songwriter Stew seamlessly blends gospel and funk with sophisticated lyrics, sweet melodies, and an even sweeter voice. His eighth album, Something Deeper Than These Changes, takes the listener on intimate journeys into Stew's past. NPR's Neda Ulaby profiles the musician. Hear five full-length pieces from Stew's repertoire." Go listen about Stew  Visit stewsongs.com, Stew's official site. Stew on NPR Onward to the workweek!Next verse, same as the first... Ray@Night? Check. Zachary's Baptism? Check. Great weekend. So tired. Onward to the workweek! Missions Accomplished
1988: I attend a reading by William Gibson for Mona Lisa Overdrive. He recommends Bruce Sterling's Islands In The Net as the work of a guy who "actually thinks about this stuff"
[scene missing]...
1996: I mention with a laundry list
1998: I put him on my links page
1999: Viridian Couture Contest
1999: Heat Kills Contest
2000: Disaster Glyph
2001: Greeny Megawatt Contest
2001: Enron Logo Redesign Contest
2001: I notice Bruce Sterling starts blogging
2003: Bruce Stops Infinite Matrix Blog
2003: Bruce Starts Wired Blog

That was fun and pointless!

Oh, I did have a fresh link. Viridian Note 00389 - where Bruce answers the nagging blog community which whines about RSS and design and everything else. Basically, he's replying in the manner of the classic Shatner SNL-ism: GET A LIFE!

Go Bruce Go!Bruce Sterling ArtLung Timeline ray@night: info on signonsandiego.com ray@night review from leah from a few months ago definitions of baptism on the internet So I'm going to be a Godfather. Or is it godfather? I never considered either as a possible title for me.this weekend: ray@night; baptism of zacharySongs from my music library containing the word "jesus" in the title...


Chocolate Jesus .............. Tom Waits
Jesus Built My Hotrod ........ Ministry
Jesus Gonna Be Here .......... Tom Waits
Jesus In The Summertime ...... Randy Newman
Jesus Is Just Alright ........ The Doobie Brothers
Jesus The Missing Years ...... John Prine
Jesus Thinks You're A Jerk ... Frank Zappa


If we included "jesus" in all the lyrics, the list would be considerably longer.
iTunes, meet Jesus; Latest Mix CD for the truck Itinerant mendicant journalist, soothsayer, and storyteller Bruce Sterling is back blogging at Beyond the Beyond, for Wired magazine.Bruce Sterling, Blogging Again So there's lots of entirely serious things to blog about right now. But that's not what I'm going to do. I have discovered, on local Cable Access: SHEMM. Red velvet shirt. Semi-leather (glad plastic bag) black pants. Smeared red lipstick and caterpillar eyebrows. Practiced stage moves. He does his own choreography. He does his own catering. He is SHEMM. He has a website. Nobody has ever linked to it. (1 result on google) I am linking to it now. www.shemmfanclub.com Leah and I saw it on cable access and were transfixed. "You lost by one point" is the song we listened to and saw him perform. The presentation, I think is intended to make us think of grandest of singers. SHEMM, is something else entirely. You MUST listen to "You lost by one point" to understand why I am reacting so strongly. It's available via mp3.com. Words fail me.Cackling Was up late late late last night. Spent half day at work. Broke out early. Went to Church. Made the Sign of the Cross for the first time in several years. Prayed. Spoke with a Catholic priest. Got a seal from the Church where I was confirmed. Seal is not a 'yes' or a 'no,' but appropriately "other" Much spiritual gnashing of teeth for me. Drove north. Quick lunch with Leah. Stopped in Irvine for a smoothie. Checking email (here) at Kynn+Liz's work. (Thanks guys!) Baptismal sponsor class tonight here in Orange County. Tired. Calm. Seeking. Rushes of memories and feelings and emotions. My desire is to be a figure of support and guidance to my friend's son. I wonder how I will do? ONWARD. What's up?My mom sent this to me and my sister today:


...about which she writes:

[Your grandfather] was always drawing this dog.  He drew them on everything, he even made little boxes with pictures of dogs.  Love  you both, Mom

This morning I went and looked at the Church where I was baptized. I live within a mile of it now, which is a bit of a surprise.

Remarkable things are afoot.Where do I get my drawing from? Jaeger is an artist who caught Leah's and my eye a few months ago. She got a cover on Fahrenheit's print pub a few weeks ago, and she needs a site to showcase and sell her work. (Joe goes looking for links to her stuff) DAMN. Fahrenheit has a DUMB website. Lots of flash. I can't link to anything easily. STUPID. Get with the program guys! Here's Pamelas's Bio. And you can sort of look at the cover here. Pamela Jaeger needs a website by Ben Folds : "There's Always Someone Cooler Than You"  make me feel tiny if it makes you feel tall but there's always someone cooler than you yeah, you're the shit but you won't be it for long oh, there's always someone cooler than you yeah, there's always someone cooler than you oh, there's always someone cooler than life is wonderful life is beautiful we're all children of one big universe so you don't have to be a chump  Amen.Lyric of the Day So I won "employee of the month" for November at my job (thanks to all the people who make me look good, and thanks to a nomination by someone who cut and pasted a Girl Scout pledge to describe me. The upshot is that I won a parking pass for the month, which would otherwise be a hefty $120. It's cramped in the parking garage, but it's an honor to be... honored.Driving to work About washing glasses with your hands, Sassy writes:  Don't ever wash drinking glasses with your hand.  Beth was washing one and it shattered, slashing her hand open from her finger-web to the back of her knuckle. Severed tendon, 10 stitches and over 3 months before she had full use again. When I worked in a restaurant one of the dishwashers broke a coffeepot while washing it with his hands. He had to go to the ER.  He slashed the entire back of his hand from knuckle to wrist. Get a sponge on a wand.  They cost 99 cents.  Excellent justification for my dish-o-phobia! Thanks Sass! And sheesh, I'm getting lots of positive feedback on Lab items. About Changing the color of a form element when it's blank (aka Pink Validation), a C.F. writes:  Thanks for the pinkvalidation example. It was just what I was looking for. I automatically generate forms with lots of default values in them, and I wanted to give visual feedback to the user of which fields have been changed before submitting the form  To which I reply, wonderful! Glad it was helpful!Letters, we get letters I have no problem with:  Cleaning up a dead, bloody mouse Cleaning up vomit  But I find  Washing drinking glasses by hand  Really too gross to deal with.Gross Things To Clean Up About my The iTunes Music Library file cannot be read because it does not appear to be a valid library file  You saved my eight hours of mp3's with this fix for the itunes library files not found error message. i dont even know what I did. I just followed your directions. thank you thank you thank you. You new best friend Tamara  You're welcome Tamara!I love this kind of feedback I've been a Tori Amos fan since her first record, 1992's Little Earthquakes. Since then I've seen her live several times. Her latest record comes out in a few weeks, and it's called Tales of a Librarian. It's kind of a greatest hits type thing. And she looks great. I really like that 1930s gangster moll look (I think I'm reading the style correctly there):  Tori Amos: New Record; Looking Stylish and Good Chicken Blog, Pierre Carion, Andrew Phelps also linked to my various web/fire/sandiego/blog stuff.Other Recent Linkers From great racquetball Saturday Morning, to housecleaning in anticipation of my visiting parents, to my parents arriving and a great dinner with a roast cooked by a visiting Australian, to Sunday morning at church, receiving the Eucharist for the first time in at least 5 years, to getting Leah's homemade rosary blessed, to Ralph's downtown, to getting ready for an open house, to the open house, to seeing Breaking Glass with my parents and Leah, to doing some freelance work, it's been a great, and PACKED weekend. Bring on Thanksgiving week! Whoosh! Last Saturday, Leah and I went on a date. We went and saw Intolerable Cruelty, then we went for a walk through the Gaslamp Quarter. We had a lovely, low key time. It's funny, I remember when I was in my teens - driving through that part of the Gaslamp near the corner of 5th and G Street - and thinking what a den of badness it was. "Seedy" does not do it justice. But now, it's yuppie and hipster and tourist heaven. I'm not any of those, but I enjoyed it.Dating Leah in the Gaslamp  Critical article on the still-years-away Longhorn This is the best country in the world. - Noam Chomsky FIRE: Foundation for Individual Rights In Education - defending liberty on campus Num1000 is a fun piece of Japanese inscrutability Mac Eye for the Windows Guy Fox media bias I really like it when bands have all their lyrics on their sites. I like being able to search for "kid charlemagne site:steelydan.com" or "boomin' granny site:beastieboys.com" Flowers mean things Why the middle class is going broke Dilbert on "employee of the ___" "Why do people hate Bush?" you ask. I hope you're also asking "Why did people hate Clinton?" Al Quueda and Fires, from July 2003 US Trials with no public records Who links to SanDiegoBloggers? Time for the end of the Oil Age Controlling debate by controlling language More Fun Linkies, Catching up and blogging from bed from the new iBook from the new lil' 12 inch iBook. Productivity this week is pretty low. But spirits are high!First Post!
I got an iSight today. Talked to my sister and boss and even Dori Smith and Mathowie - it all worked well. Except my Dad and Mom's connection is messed up somehow. We'll figure that out.

Just checked the mail, and I received my "NOTICE OF ENTRY OF JUDGEMENT" from the Superior Court of California, San Diego County. I am now divorced. It's been a long road from May 2002, and even longer from April 1999, and also from 1996.

My sincerest hope is to honor and remember what was good, and learn from what was bad. I am a stronger, better person than I was last year at this time. I've made many mistakes, and continue to learn from them. I hope to continue my dedication to ruthless truthfulness. About myself, my faults, my strengths -- everything. Always striving to work on those big four pillars of my life, the emotional, the intellectual, the spiritual, and the physical.

Many people have been wonderful to me during the past year and a half. My parents and sister, my aunt, several key friends, and since last September, Leah, who has a inquisitive, self-search, relentless dedication to truth that I really appreciate, and with whom I share a home and life.

People ask me if maybe we moved a bit fast, I think not. We both do what feels right, and I must say, the truth can be a very difficult road. But in the end, we share a bond that means a great deal to me. I feel I've found a real partner, a peer who I am not superior or inferior to. I will continue to be truthful, and open, and hope for all the best.

One never knows what life will bring. That is most certainly the way of things.

But I know I'm happy, and evolving daily. And I expect that to evolve and change every day.

And as I've been saying... ONWARD!Current Important News: VideoChat! Divorce! Life! Onward!  Rush is back at work - and in recovery Doc on Ant Control - glad we don't have these Cake Plates and Stands - I see why these are designed the way they are - they're anti-rodent! I feel so, 19th Century lately, living in this 1892 house President interviewed by British sleazy tabloid - like he granted an interview with the National Inquirer Admiral Ackbar - we all love him! Keep CSS Simple - I agree with this! Outsourcing Roundup - from Bill Rini, on tech outsourcing Snail Mail Counts to Television - if you're trying to make a difference, write a letter Kynn and his Family lost a cabin in the fires - devastating loss of memories Hill of Crosses in Siauliai, Lithuania - very impressive, rather surreal Shonen Jump (a Manga) kicks the ass of every American Comic Book - there are lessons here Mom finds out about Blog - I always knew mine would Average Playboy Centerfolds - these fascinates me The states need to form a union - from Richard Stallman Aaron Davis - interesting photographer Contrary views on PATRIOT ACT - as in, not for it Funny movie mashups - from Fark, via Howling Point W3C on images used to "prove" you are who you say you are - the problem with the practice Kynn was on this  issue some time before Santiago Theory - remind me to link to this guy The Matrix Revolutions - a really interesting take How they make Legos - I need to brush up on Legos for this Stew and Heidi do Radio - so cool! Free books goose sails - as in, improve - Crazy!  Now gotta get ready for work!Some Links!So I left another baited trap out last night, and we've had no kills.

For some reason I find this reassuring. We're not about to be overrun, I think. We just have a mice problem.

I got some feedback on my posts about the mice yesterday from friends. Thanks for the feedback! I chose the glue pads at random, because it was what the local Wal-Mart had those few weeks ago. And Leah was looking at cats and dogs on adoption sites last night, and I'm up for that. Unfortunately we were told by Meg that we really won't know if a pet is a mouser until we see it confronted with a mouse. Some pets may simply want to watch, or play with whatever mice they see.No Mice = Good Mice I'm doing lots of reorganizations here on the site. Navigation changes, organization changes. Browse around. Photos now has the global navigation, and so does Portfolio. Colophon has a new header, as does Contact and FAQ does too. The Site Index is a mess. It really does need a librarian. Maybe I'll be a librarian?Webbiness! Courtesy Catchmaster has a 100% Flash website, so none of it is in Google, but Here are the Catchmaster Glue Boards that did the trick. (Here's the grisly part) He was still alive and terrified when I woke up. He was struggling, so I knew I had to act fast. My friend Meg emailed me about these, saying basically they're not very humane, and that while struggling the animals tear their bodies apart. I wanted none of that. I quickly put the whole glue pad into a dark trash bag, and then another. Then I went outside with it, and a big, flat bottomed bucket. I put the bag and enclosed mouse on the ground, placed the empty bucket flat-side down on the bag, and applied every bit of force I have (my not inestimable weight) and the deed was done. (Here's the philosophical part) Leah asked me how I felt. Lots of feelings. If there is a capital "G" God, then this was one of his creations. If I'm at harmony with nature, this is a fellow creature. But the reality is I live in a home that I want to keep sanitary and clean for me and my girlfriend. That wonderful scenario does not include rodents coming around whenever we leave a crumb out. These "cute" mice, while being very sweet and cute, and perhaps pets in one context, are also carriers of disease. It's my prerogative to not live with them if I so decide. There are sometimes things people must do that are odious; these things should be done for a greater purpose. If the means are not justified by the purpose, then the odious thing should be dispensed with. In current political terms, I offer as an example the USA PATRIOT ACT, which takes away too many freedoms guaranteed by the US Constitution. It takes them away from too many people, for too little gain. So how do I feel? I feel mixed about the whole thing. My adrenaline is pumping, I'll tell you that. Time to go to work.Keeping Score (WARNING: This gets a little grisly) The following has been on my site a long time. Time to retire it. But I'm putting it in the blog for posterity. I'm making the FAQ a real FAQ. So here goes...  First timer, eh? Hmm... I'm usually suspicious of newcomers ... but I'm glad you came. You're welcome to stay as long as you like. Peruse my portfolio and resume, you can also see the lab. If you want to offer me work, drop me a note via feedback. Don't be shy! There are old versions of the site to look at. I have an area I call the smorgasborg - where I keep detritus and gems. If you have ANY problems, send me feedback I'm Joe Crawford. It's my site. I take all the blame AND all the credit. I like the web. Ever since my first site, on geocities, my presence on the net has been growing. In that way I'm gas-like, expanding to fill the volume of my container. [Fun Fact: The three main phases of matter: solid, liquid, gas]. The internet is an incredible resource, despite what neo-luddites like Clifford Stoll may have to say. He's a personal hero of mine, but I disagree with him about the implications of web. I enjoy surfing the web aka the matrix aka information superhighway aka infobahn aka the net. My favorite term of all is "Cyberspace." Here's its source, a bit of pulp that revolutionized the way I see the world:  "Cyberspace. A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators, in every nation, by children being taught mathematical concepts...A graphic representation of data abstracted from the banks of every computer in the human system. Unthinkable complexity. Lines of light ranged in the nonspace of the mind, clusters and constellations of data, like city lights, receding...."  This was written in 1984. It's from a book called Neuromancer by an American expatriate living in Canada. He is William Gibson. I've attended two book signings of Mr. Gibson's. I was as giddy as a schoolgirl (a scary thought, really) each time. The first was in 1988, when he was signing Mona Lisa Overdrive. My good pal Chris Greazel was with me. [An aside: Chris is an unrecognized genius living in Orange County, California. You can check out some more of his work if you like. Now, back to my main thread]: It was at this fateful signing that Gibson recommended the book Islands in the Net. This book, by Bruce Sterling, was and remains astonishingly prescient. He's got quite a presence on the net, and for me, his books are a "must-read." Some years later, I was fortunate enough to have Mr. Sterling sign that copy of Islands. When I told him of how I found him through Gibson, he recommended Neal Stephenson's Snow Crash to me. That book blew me away too. I am always in search of interesting reading. Reading has been the means of my education. I'm not sure that all that was useful, what do you think? ArtLung.com 101: Retirement I'm late to the party, but I just figured out that the lyrics to "King of the World" by Steely Dan are about driving around a post-apocalyptic American Southwest...  I don't want your bread I don't need your helping hand I can't be no savage I can't be no highwayman Show me where you are You and I will spend this day Driving in my car Through the ruins of Santa Fe ... I'm reading last year's papers Although I don't know why Assassins cons and rapers Might as well die ... If you come around No more pain and no regrets Watch the sun go brown Smoking cobalt cigarettes There's no need to hide Taking things the easy way If I stay inside I might live til Saturday  And this... from Wikipedia, about nuclear weapons:  The cobalt bomb uses cobalt in the shell, and the fusion neutrons convert the cobalt into cobalt-60, a powerful long-term (5 years) emitter of gamma rays. In general this type of weapon is a salted bomb and variable fallout effects can be obtained by using different salting isotopes. Gold has been proposed for short-term fallout (days), tantalum and zinc for fallout of intermediate duration (months), and cobalt for long term contamination (years). The primary purpose of this weapon is to create extremely radioactive fallout making a large region uninhabitable. No cobalt or other salted bomb has been built or tested publicly.  Pop music is educational. Well, maybe just pop music I like. Well, a fraction of it, anyway. King of the World
This morning I got up just a little bit earlier than usual. Stumbled bleary-eyed into the kitchen, and what should I see skittering across the long counter? Something very "Stuart" shaped. Just a little bit earlier, mind you. They know our habits. I'm convinced of it. The last kill was right as Leah and I turned off all the lights, and I went to the bedroom. Only then are they active.

Last sighting (and first kill) was October 30th. (here's my and Leah's account).

I've said that the humane traps did not work. Only the traditional one worked.

We placed the last working one down on the floor near the stove, where our previous kill was.

I'm sure these mice only think they're "testing" our security. But I assure you they will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The penalty, unfortunately for rodents, for being a mouse in this house is death.

Add to that that Leah and I beefed up container security in the cupboards. There are no more containers in the cupboards that can bitten through by mice. All cookie and cake mixes, all healthy grains, all yummy chips are now inside plastic containers.

One purchase I almost made last night at Home Depot was more mousetraps. I was sloppy though. I underestimated them. I thought the mouse we had was an anomaly. Time to smarten up.

Today I hope to deploy one of the super-sticky pads, baited of course. These supposedly trap mice very well. But they don't kill them. I have been told that one has to do the killing with these. I'm wondering if I can deploy it and upon capture, release whatever I catch into the wild. Seems reasonable. But if the mouse is not removable, then I've resolved myself to killing it, regardless.

Leah and I have been talking about getting a dog in the past few months. Also a cat, but mostly we've been talking about little dogs.

Yesterday we looked at cats. Some pretty nice ones, though none that hit us hard, figuratively speaking, with emotion. Hard to consider an animal. They require attention and love.

We weren't even thinking of the mice when we did this.

I rather like the idea of choosing a pet for its work capability.

How does one choose a cat for its' mousing capability?

IF we get a cat (still a moderately big "if"), I will delight in saying "There's a new Sheriff in town."

Onward, Anti-mouse Soldiers, Marching As To War! Rodentia Update Crypto-Gram of 15 Nov 2003. An excerpt:  Nathaniel Heatwole is a student at Guilford College.  Several times between February 7 and September 15 he tested airline security.  First he smuggled box cutters, clay simulating plastic explosives, and bleach simulating bomb-making chemicals through security.  Then he hid these things in the lavatories of airplanes, along with notes.  And finally, he sent an e-mail to the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) titled "Information Regarding 6 Recent Security Breaches." The problem is that the TSA never asked him to test their security. For years, computer networks have been plagued with hackers breaking into systems.  These people are not breaking into systems for profit.  They don't commit fraud.  They don't commit theft.  They're breaking into systems for the intellectual curiosity.  They're breaking into systems for the fun.  They're breaking into systems to see if they can. A traditional and common defense by hackers is that they're breaking into systems in order to test their security.  The idea is that the only way to learn about computer and network security is to attack systems.  Never mind that these hackers don't own the systems they're breaking into; that's the excuse. The Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administration have been attacked by their first hacker.  This wasn't a terrorist; he wasn't out to take over planes.  This wasn't even a criminal; he didn't try to extort money.  He was a hacker, plain and simple.  He wanted to test the efficacy of the security screeners.  He wanted to demonstrate that the security measures were, in his eyes, inadequate.  He wanted to hack airport security. Point 1:  This is extraordinarily silly.  Every traveler I know has stories of knives being missed by airport security.  No one who flies regularly thinks that the TSA is doing a good job of keeping sharp objects off airplanes.  Even worse, no one who flies regularly thinks that keeping sharp objects off airplanes makes us all safer.  Most of what the TSA does is security theater -- window dressing.  It keeps up appearances, and maybe (hopefully) makes the terrorists a little less sure they can smuggle their weapons aboard airplanes.  Probably not. Point 2:  This is, and should be treated as, a crime.  "I was only testing security" is not a valid defense.  For years, we in the computer security field have been hearing that excuse.  Because the hacker didn't intend harm, because he just broke into the system and just looked around, it wasn't a real crime.  Here's a thought experiment for you.  Imagine you return home and find the following note attached to your refrigerator: "I was testing the security of back doors in the neighborhood and found yours unlocked.  I just looked around.   I didn't take anything.  You should fix your lock."  Do you feel violated?  Of course you do. Point 3:  While it is a crime, it isn't a terribly serious crime.  Heatwole's stunt was embarrassing, and cost a whole lot of money to investigate and clean up.  It could have disrupted the travel schedules of lots of people.  But he's not a terrorist.  He didn't do this to feed security information to al Qaeda.  His actions didn't endanger anyone's lives.  There's a tendency to want to throw the book at him because he  embarrassed important government officials, but that's not a good enough reason.  We need to discourage this behavior, but the punishment needs to fit the crime.  Treat Heatwole as a criminal, but not a serious criminal. Welcome to our world, Department of Homeland Security.  Welcome, TSA.  We've been fighting these sorts of people for years.  You're going to have better luck prosecuting them, but don't let your anger get in the way of reason.  The whole thing is worth a close sober read. Go! Latest Great Security Newsletter From Bruce Schneier Laundry done! (that was a biggie). Computer on its way! (thanks JP!) Housecleaning done! Dishes clean (Thanks Leah!) Space heater purchased! (Thanks Costco!) Shaved for the work week! We bought groceries! (Thanks for the Free Turkey Ralphs!) I feel pretty good. The holidays approach. I hope they will be enjoyable. My folks come next weekend! Onward.Misc New headers for Writing and Contact. My biography is also getting a makeover. Theme today: fresh starts.ReOrgThis needs a librarian.  / /archive/ /archive/0/ /archive/0/alhome.html /archive/0/index.html /archive/0/undcon.html /archive/1/ /archive/1/alhome.html /archive/1/index.html /archive/1/resume.html /archive/2/ /archive/2/animatedgifs.html /archive/2/biography.html /archive/2/book_covers.html /archive/2/book_covers2.html /archive/2/ccks.html /archive/2/clock_concept.html /archive/2/crossplatform.html /archive/2/flash_checker.html /archive/2/freelance_etching.html /archive/2/home.html /archive/2/kingman.html /archive/2/links.html /archive/2/logo_parody.html /archive/2/logos.html /archive/2/logos2.html /archive/2/logos3.html /archive/2/newcomer.html /archive/2/pictures.html /archive/2/resume.html /archive/2/ronsrhinestones.html /archive/2/selfportrait.html /archive/2/send_email.html /archive/2/spacebaby.html /archive/2/spot_illustrations_1.html /archive/2/spot_illustrations_2.html /archive/2/spot_illustrations_3.html /archive/2/spot_illustrations_4.html /archive/2/spot_illustrations_5.html /archive/2/strange_landscapes_1.html /archive/2/strange_landscapes_2.html /archive/2/strange_landscapes_3.html /archive/2/strange_landscapes_4.html /archive/2/xkitty.html /archive/2/z_image_manip.html /archive/2/z_image_manip2.html /archive/3/ /archive/3beta/ /archive/4/ /archive/sig/ /archive/splashes/-20020114 /archive/splashes/-20020123 /archive/splashes/-20020130 /archive/splashes/-20020306 /archive/splashes/-20020424 /archive/splashes/-20020806 /archive/splashes/-20030702 /bio/ /bio/respiratory/nametag/ /bio/respiratory/physics/ /bio/wedding/ /bio/wedding/announcement/ /bio/wedding/anuncio/ /bio/wedding/slide.php /blog/ /blog/2001/01/ /blog/2001/02/ /blog/2001/03/ /blog/2001/04/ /blog/2001/05/ /blog/2001/06/ /blog/2001/07/ /blog/2001/08/ /blog/2001/09/ /blog/2001/10/ /blog/2001/11/ /blog/2001/12/ /blog/2002/01/ /blog/2002/02/ /blog/2002/03/ /blog/2002/04/ /blog/2002/05/ /blog/2002/06/ /blog/2002/07/ /blog/2002/08/ /blog/2002/09/ /blog/2002/10/ /blog/2002/11/ /blog/2002/12/ /blog/2003/01/ /blog/2003/02/ /blog/2003/02/ /blog/2003/03/ /blog/2003/04/ /blog/2003/05/ /blog/2003/06/ /blog/2003/07/ /blog/2003/08/ /blog/2003/09/ /blog/2003/10/ /blog/2003/11/ /blog/2003/12/ /blog/pageholder/ /blog/special_2003_02_15.php /blog/special_2003_02_16.php /colophon/ /contact/ /deprecated/books.uk/ /deprecated/books/ /deprecated/che/ /deprecated/che/goodbye.php /deprecated/jennifer/ /fansite/bebe/ /fansite/ronnyvardy/ /fansite/stew-tnp/ /fansite/voltes-v/ /fansite/voltes-v/index.html /fansite/voltes-v/paper.html /fansite/voltes-v/toy.html /fansite/voltes-v/where.html /feedback/ /flash/ /flash/flash_checker.html /friends/eduquake/ /friends/jared/ /friends/vince/ /headers/ /headers/-20000114 /headers/-20000912 /headers/-20010216 /headers/-20010223 /headers/-20010305 /headers/-20010307 /headers/-20010322 /headers/-20010403 /headers/-20010412 /headers/-20010508 /headers/-20010624 /headers/-20010630 /headers/-20010823 /headers/-20010915 /headers/-20011002 /headers/-20011013 /headers/-20011014 /headers/-20011023 /headers/-20011114 /headers/-20011121 /headers/-20011128 /headers/-20011202 /headers/-20011206 /headers/-20011224 /headers/-20011231 /headers/-20020106 /headers/-20020118 /headers/-20020130 /headers/-20020225 /headers/-20020322 /headers/-20020326 /headers/-20020424 /headers/-20020628 /headers/-20020806 /headers/-20020911 /headers/-20021018 /headers/-20021104 /headers/-20021113 /headers/-20021217 /headers/-20030128 /headers/-20030215 /headers/-20030412 /headers/-20030621 /headers/-20030707 /headers/-20030911 /headers/-20030912 /headers/-20030923 /headers/-20031019 /headers/-20031027 /headers/-20031031 /headers/-20031102 /headers/-20031111 /headers// /images/ /images/20030216/ /images/amiga/ /images/joyofbeing.html /lab/ /lab/css/ /lab/css/a-outline-none/ /lab/css/additive-font-size/ /lab/css/border-style/ /lab/css/form-image-background/ /lab/css/modify-the-box/ /lab/css/rounded-mozilla/ /lab/css/w3c-with-and-without-css/ /lab/html/50states/ /lab/html/ancient-tidy-tutorial/ /lab/html/gettysburg/ /lab/html/html-2.0/ /lab/html/image_border/ /lab/html/input-direction/ /lab/html/tips-2001/ /lab/other/ /lab/other/anti-cache/ /lab/other/asp/ /lab/other/coldfusion-break-db/ /lab/other/email-submission-stinks/ /lab/other/java-tags/ /lab/other/java-tags/-applet-tag-3.2.php /lab/other/java-tags/-applet-tag-4.0.php /lab/other/java-tags/-applet-tag-microsoft.php /lab/other/java-tags/-applet-tag-netscape.php /lab/other/java-tags/-applet-tag-sun.php /lab/other/misc-files/ /lab/other/not-valid-itunes-library/ /lab/other/undocumented-linklint/ /lab/other/unix-batch-file-rename/ /lab/other/windows_export_file_list/ /lab/other/ws_ftp_password_decoder/ /lab/php/ /lab/php/countdown/ /lab/php/detagger/ /lab/php/echo_http_host/ /lab/php/gallery/ /lab/php/interesting_date_layout/ /lab/php/make-unique-id/ /lab/php/php-php3-mod-rewrite/ /lab/php/rtf/ /lab/scripting/autocalc/ /lab/scripting/bookmarklets/ /lab/scripting/bug_mac_netscape_forms_update/ /lab/scripting/camel-selector/ /lab/scripting/change_all_links/ /lab/scripting/checkbox-validate/ /lab/scripting/compare_fields/ /lab/scripting/detection_real/ /lab/scripting/dropdown_focus/ /lab/scripting/dropdown_frames/ /lab/scripting/dropdown_frames/the-content.php /lab/scripting/dropdown_frames/the-navigation.php /lab/scripting/dropdown_submit_form/ /lab/scripting/dropdown-only-some-new-window/ /lab/scripting/dropdown/ /lab/scripting/format_time/ /lab/scripting/frames_mouseover/ /lab/scripting/history/ /lab/scripting/invisible-unspiderable-link/ /lab/scripting/mouseover_vote/ /lab/scripting/mouseover_vote100/ /lab/scripting/multiple_select/ /lab/scripting/oncontextmenu/ /lab/scripting/onunload-window-open-evil/ /lab/scripting/outbound-link-confirmation/ /lab/scripting/pinkvalidation/ /lab/scripting/reverse_string_nums/ /lab/scripting/self_refresh/ /lab/scripting/slideshow-plus/ /lab/scripting/slideshow/ /lab/scripting/the-problem-with-blur/ /lab/scripting/tr-onmouseover-style/ /lab/scripting/urlencode/ /lab/scripting/validate_checkbox/ /lab/scripting/validate_image/ /newcomer/ /photos/ /photos/2003balloons /photos/albums.php /photos/family2003 /photos/firefallout /photos/greazel /photos/hedgehog/ /photos/meetup /photos/miscellany /photos/wisdomteeth /portfolio/ /portfolio/albums.php /portfolio/show /portfolio/show/artlung_dhtml /portfolio/show/artlung_splash_20020114 /portfolio/show/artlung_splash_20020123 /portfolio/show/artlung_splash_20020130 /portfolio/show/artlung_splash_20020306 /portfolio/show/artlung_splash_20020424 /portfolio/show/artlung_splash_20020806 /portfolio/show/artlung_wsd_home /portfolio/show/artlung_wsd_movienight /portfolio/show/avencom_dynapulse /portfolio/show/avencom_ebill /portfolio/show/avencom_freakygeekball /portfolio/show/avencom_gbs /portfolio/show/avencom_giftbasketshoppe_1 /portfolio/show/avencom_giftbasketshoppe_2 /portfolio/show/avencom_lightpointe /portfolio/show/avencom_paul_m_bowers /portfolio/show/avencom_paulmbowers /portfolio/show/avencom_robertsformayor /portfolio/show/avencom_sanyo /portfolio/show/avencom_transitworks /portfolio/show/avencom_waitt_map /portfolio/show/bidland_fishball /portfolio/show/freelance_aircar3000 /portfolio/show/freelance_digitelle /portfolio/show/freelance_leahpeah_com /portfolio/show/freelance_los_angeles_newspaper_group /portfolio/show/freelance_solonglandlord_us /portfolio/show/lg_ss_arco_001 /portfolio/show/lg_ss_artlung_swf_anim /portfolio/show/lg_ss_geocities_001 /portfolio/show/personal_blog_rss /portfolio/show/sandiegobloggers_com /portfolio/show/sandiegobloggers_com_admin /portfolio/show/stew_sez_online_journal /portfolio/show/websandiego_org_happy_hour_7 /portfolio/show/websandiego_org_happy_hour_8 /portfolio/show/websandiego_org_happy_hour_9 /portfolio/show/websandiego_org_not_websandiego_bonfire_1 /resume/ /resume/respiratory/ /showoff/dhtml/ /showoff/draw/draw-20020113.php /showoff/fun/-23 /showoff/fun/-70s_Wedding /showoff/fun/-AL_ArtCenter /showoff/fun/-Askew_Askance_92 /showoff/fun/-Cardiopulmonary /showoff/fun/-Clock_Concept /showoff/fun/-Cocoa_Krispies /showoff/fun/-CompAOLation /showoff/fun/-Easter_1992 /showoff/fun/-er_1997 /showoff/fun/-Etching /showoff/fun/-Experiment_92 /showoff/fun/-Ferris_Charcoal /showoff/fun/-First_Digital /showoff/fun/-GIF89a /showoff/fun/-HS_RT_School /showoff/fun/-Hunting_Time /showoff/fun/-IllusPhoto /showoff/fun/-Image_Correction /showoff/fun/-Jacqui_Card_2000 /showoff/fun/-Kingman /showoff/fun/-Logo_Parodies /showoff/fun/-Order_of_the_Sleepless_Knights /showoff/fun/-Prom_1987 /showoff/fun/-Reciept_Poetry /showoff/fun/-RonsRhinestones /showoff/fun/-SDPLSA /showoff/fun/-Self_1988 /showoff/fun/-Silva_Reunion_2000 /showoff/fun/-Star_Wars_77 /showoff/fun/-Strange_1 /showoff/fun/-Strange_2 /showoff/fun/-Strange_3 /showoff/fun/-Strange_4 /showoff/fun/-Untitled_06_11_2000 /showoff/fun/-Untitled_1997 /showoff/fun/-Vampire /showoff/fun/-VOAA /showoff/fun/-Watercolor_Dorene /showoff/fun/-Watercolor_SpaceSuit /showoff/pro/-aias_realaudio /showoff/pro/-arco /showoff/pro/-Cardiopulmonary /showoff/pro/-CompAOLation /showoff/pro/-Etching /showoff/pro/-Flash /showoff/pro/-GIF89a /showoff/pro/-Kingman /showoff/pro/-RonsRhinestones /showoff/pro/-SDPLSA /showoff/pro/-VOAA /site-index/ /smorgasborg/ /smorgasborg/20030204-9999_1c4blogs.html /smorgasborg/20030704-walk.html /smorgasborg/alanis_so_pure.shtml /smorgasborg/aol_gibson.shtml /smorgasborg/art_nav_test_0/ /smorgasborg/art_nav_test_0/index.html /smorgasborg/babble_urls.shtml /smorgasborg/Booming_Granny.shtml /smorgasborg/browser_stat/ /smorgasborg/bruce_lookup.shtml /smorgasborg/C_R_Y_P_T_O_N_O_M_I_C_O_N.shtml /smorgasborg/captain-k-joseph-45/ /smorgasborg/comeonover-sunship-vocal.shtml /smorgasborg/cuba/ /smorgasborg/flame_response_form.shtml /smorgasborg/flash_urls_1999.shtml /smorgasborg/girlfriend_1.0.shtml /smorgasborg/good_internet_publications.shtml /smorgasborg/greek_text.shtml /smorgasborg/how_to_tick_people_off.shtml /smorgasborg/international_xmas.shtml /smorgasborg/Invention_of_Cplusplus.shtml /smorgasborg/is-there-a-santa-engineers-view.shtml /smorgasborg/jamisongold_bought.shtml /smorgasborg/Kid_Charlemagne_Lyrics.shtml /smorgasborg/kpbs-schedule-redesign.html /smorgasborg/LaughAndBeHappyRandyNewman.shtml /smorgasborg/let-forever-be.shtml /smorgasborg/mac_java_urls.shtml /smorgasborg/Macaroni_Salad.shtml /smorgasborg/major_search_engines.shtml /smorgasborg/notes-builder-live-1999.shtml /smorgasborg/notes-tar.shtml /smorgasborg/once_upon_a_time.shtml /smorgasborg/otherviews/ /smorgasborg/p_fun_index.shtml /smorgasborg/Penguin.log.shtml /smorgasborg/phonics/ /smorgasborg/QuixtarAmwayURLs.shtml /smorgasborg/roadrunner_login_macperl.shtml /smorgasborg/sandiego-tech-cos.shtml /smorgasborg/spam_sig.shtml /smorgasborg/star_wars_songbook.shtml /smorgasborg/Sterling_SF_lexicon.shtml /smorgasborg/time_speeds_download.shtml /smorgasborg/TMBG-Yeh-Yeh.shtml /smorgasborg/urm_searches.shtml /smorgasborg/various_URLs.sandiego.shtml /smorgasborg/various_URLS.shtml /smorgasborg/various_URLssandiego2000.shtml /smorgasborg/VideoIndiaIrie.shtml /smorgasborg/why_a_website.shtml /smorgasborg/why_visitors_return.shtml /smorgasborg/William_Gibson_Interview.shtml /viridian-contest/ /viridian-contest/02001.1/ /viridian-contest/02001e/ /viridian-contest/6/ /viridian-contest/9/ /viridian-contest/couture/ /words/ /words/accessibility/ /words/accessibility/accessibility.html /words/aip-19990727/ /words/aol_nostalgia/ /words/becoming/ /words/crossplatform/ /words/flash-psychic-proof/ /words/forta-speaks/ /words/lindows-pitch/ /words/never-enough/ /words/some-poems/ /words/standards-baseline-proposal/ /words/two-ships/ /words/web-work-200111/ /words/websandiego-vision/ /words/what-is-a-web-integrator/ /words/what-is-the-internet-for/ /words/zappa/ This needs a librarian. Web Design Meetup San Diego, CATonight: Socializing and Biz the main page and navigation of artlung.com are evolving. the old front page has been moved to the archive, specifically here. I'm toying with several changes. Expect more movement and changes to come.Evolving Work: okay. Religious state: evolving. Food yesterday: lovely roast by Joe and Leah. Quicksilver: still reading. Laundry: not done. Leah: recuperating. Racquetball class: back on, tiring (missed last week due to Baptism Class and the week before due to Fires). Truck: like a top. Laptop-to-be: ordered and in process. Weather: brisk. Now listening to: Lots of Steely Dan. New header: just done. Feeling: groovy. Recurrent themes: fire, water, rebirth.About: Me Local cyber-bon-vivant Caleb John Clark, is making some homegrown Dean media.Caleb on Dean from dictionary.com:  2. The first day of the week, Sunday, observed as the day of rest and worship by most Christians.  Rest, worship, and contemplation, I hope. In some religions one does no work. From ou.org:  On Shabbat, the Jew withdraws from the performance of "Melachah." All categories of "Melachah" represent purposeful, creative interactions with nature. In the case of Man, this refers to his interaction with his environment, whereby he exerts mastery and control over nature, as in fact he was commanded to do by G-d. Our purpose in this is to express our belief and to testify that G-d is the Creator of the Universe, and is the source, on an ongoing basis, of all creative forces within it.  Note in the text that there is a specific reference to this word "God", but the middle letter is masked. Rather as one would mask a word that is odious. But instead, this masking is intended to be one of reverence and respect. The distinction is interesting to me. Once again I attended mass this Sunday. I have no idea where this is leading me, but it feels right, and produces the kind of feelings of relief, unease, and humility that I enjoy. I remain a Freethinker, and I have no idea where the capital "T" Truth lies with regard to spirituality, but retracing the steps I took when I was younger feels right for now. The church I attended today is in my neighborhood, predominantly Spanish. So today I'm looking and reviewing these: Spanish Christian Prayers of the Rosary. At one time I actually knew several prayers of the Catholic Church in Spanish. Lately, I'm rusty. So, time passes. But man, I really like this phrase from ou.org: The Shabbat is that one day out of seven that was charged with holiness, by the holy Creator of time. The non-specificity of that phrase: "the holy Creator of time" is really interesting to me. "Creator" is a much better and less loaded phrase than "God" or "god" or "G-d" -- whose invocation is so ubiquitous as to be uttered all the time. "Oh my god" is so common a phrase, and in repetition, perhaps the meaning, and interpretability of the phrase, and the word, begins to mean nothing. This journey continues. The crew, which is to say Leah, her kids, and me, are headed to the swap meet today: some commerce. We're also going to do laundry: work. These are in violation of the Sabbath by some interpretations. However, there are times when the constraints of time and our own wants alter the timing of things. Let me be clear, I'm not feeling "guilt" for a violation of what should be the "holiness" of this day, just pondering the requirement that we take a day to reflect, and do nothing else on that day. It seems an impracticality, given the structure of the world I live in. My folks and sister and her boyfriend left yesterday for back East. It was wonderful to have them visiting. Joyous even. I miss them already. However (ha!) the impracticalities of time and space make it hard for me to see them more than a few days a year. Fascinating. Today feels like a good day. Onward.Sabbath So today is starting well. The goal in life is to improve each day I think, and today is a success on that basis. So now, Leah's kids and my sister and her boyfriend and also my parents are here. It's going to be a mega-Thanksgiving, and I'm a bit nervous about it, but I have found that bringing people together who I love usually works out better than I could ever anticipate. The dead iBook has been willed to Leah's eldest. Leah and Allie are working on a killer relish tray. We're all taking our showers and making ready to head over to see my family. It's gonna be a good day. Now it's a mini-air hockey game with the other two kids. And of course blogging. Got to relentlessly take my own pulse for my own feelings and thoughts. I've gotten a lot of questions about my newfound "religion" or "spirituality" and about attending church. It's an evolving thing, and I'm not sure what to say about it other than it's still very personal for me. I'm still hesitant to say much more with any more than a select set of personages. That just feels right for the time being. On that note, I wish all of you (in or out of my beloved United States) a Wondrous and Happy Thanksgiving. Onward.Thanksgiving  The Earth is degenerating these days.  Bribery and corruption abound. Children no longer mind their parents, every man wants to write a book, and it is evident that the end of the world is fast approaching.  - Assyrian stone tablet, c. 2800 B.C. I don't have an original source, but it's all over the net. Anyone have an original source?Quote of the Day ArtLung: so i've been trimming away at artlung.com - reformatting stuff, getting rid of dead directories ArtLung: this morning i'm futzing along, killing little dev experiments ArtLung: was doing rm -rv * in some dirs ArtLung: *accidentally did it in my main artlung.com directory* ArtLung: DOH! Sassbert: doheth ArtLung: luckily, i had a dir with special permissions which caused it to prompt me before i killed anything public ArtLung: ladies and gentlemen, the power of rm -r * Sassbert: always be careful ArtLung: i was being so careful, i would go down into the little dev directories Sassbert: hehehe ArtLung: seeing i had not left anything important ArtLung: then cd - ArtLung: and up in my history, and NOOOOOOOOOOOO! ArtLung: maybe i should have a thinger to automagically remove any rm command from my .bash_history Sassbert: maybe you should be more careful!!! Sassbert: hhehehe Sassbert: you could write a shell script to remove grep and remove rm from your history but that seems like a waste of time ArtLung: *bows head* ArtLung: "yes, i know" ArtLung: *chastened* Sassbert: hehhehe Sassbert: you can do this though Sassbert: alias rm to rm -i Sassbert: then, it will always prompt you ArtLung: make it interactive ArtLung: yeah ArtLung: that's a good idea Sassbert: it's easy enough in your startup script Sassbert: its probably a good idea ArtLung: *adding to my to do list*Geeky Unix Conversation Slash Unix Confession of the Day Aside from being a good leader as we mourned 911, I think very little of President Bush. But the contemplation of a return to the moon is something I can unreservedly get behind. Though I'm really beginning to think Dean has a shot to be the next President. The re-election of the President is not a fait accompli.First Positive Thing Bush Has Said? East Bay Express -- Down in Front Brother, Who Art Thou? -- A black man with an acoustic guitar is rare. But a guy like Stew is rarest.New Stew Review: Coming Home To You Janece of janece.com has paintings for sale. You know, Leah has some older works around, which she would be willing to sell. I may not have a shopping cart for her, but I'd be willing to agent some of her work.Paintings for Sale For the New Header for the blog. This should last me till the end of the year.Old Holiday PhotosAlso, there are now pictures of Leah's and my cat on the Leah Peah Photos area: Bas.

He's a great cat. More, and better photos to come in the next few weeks.Basilone So back in 2002 I upgraded to htdig, well, now I have something that so far looks simpler to maintain. Check Search for the latest search engine 'round here. And thanks to Tom Bickle for spotting that my htdig installation was hosed. How embarassing. The underpinnings are the open source Perlfect.Search Refit Several weeks ago Leah, I, and some friends went to Ray at Night in North Park. One of the more interesting art galleries is actually part gallery, part bookstore, and part barber shop: R. Spot Barber and Books. They had some really great art. It had kind of a city vibe to it - very New York - very black. Really awesome. Worth a visit, for sure.Forgot this: R Spot So Basilone is coming around. He's still reticent to come out and play, but he sat on the bed with Leah and I for about an hour tonight, watching The West Wing. He seems playful and pretty loving, several times augering inbetween Leah and Me for extra cuddling. He's still exploring this old house. He's using the litter box as he should, and is not so perturbed at us he might do any retaliatory marking or peeing. His former owner couldn't keep him at his new apartment, so he had to let him go. So, he is here. I do feel a little bad for him though, his front paws are declawed, and playing with a shoelace with him is just not the same when he can't really grip. We have a cat! Still a bit hard to believe. I find domestic animals fascinating. If humans ceased to exist, they would be very different creatures. When these animals ancestors did not live with humans, they were very different creatures. Cool! Wikipedia has some things to say about domestication. And more about domestic cats. The ontology for a cat would be: Animalia: Chordata: Mammallia: Carnivora: Felidae: Felis: silvestris: catus. I love that.  Like many other domesticated animals, cats lived in a mutualistic arrangement with humans. The benefit of removing rats and mice from humans' food stores outweighed the cost of allowing a formerly-wild animal to enjoy the relative safety of a human settlement; hence, the relationship between cat and human has continued. However, unlike other domesticated species, housecats' ancestors did not hunt socially or enjoy the safety of a herd, as other domesticated animals did. This evolutionary history may be the reason cats do not 'understand' the desires of humans in the same way that dogs do; before humans, cats had fewer social relationships to benefit from. This may also contribute to a sense common among pet owners that cats are both more aloof and more self-sufficient than other pets. However, cats can be very affectionate towards their humans, especially if they imprint on them at a very young age and are treated with consistent affection.  I also note that: The cat was first domesticated by the Ancient Egyptians in 4000 BC, to keep mice and rats away from their grain stores. They regarded cats as embodiments of the goddess Bast "Bast" sounds like what Leah calls him, "Bas" -- short for -- again -- Basilone. She plans to take some pictures this week to share with family around the country and yes, with the whole darn internet. One of my regular readers also points out that "Basilon is Cuban slang for someone or something that is a lot of fun" -- which is a nice nifty thing as well. Some google searches find a "John Basilone" who was a WWII Medal of Honor winner. There was also a Naval Destroyer: USS Basilone. Nifty random stuff. Cat Update So because of my RT Resume I get calls occasionally from people googling for Respiratory Therapist Resumes. It turns out RT work is hot and heavy right now. In the past month I've gotten at least 2 calls or emails a week for per diem, part-time, full time, pulmonary function testing, floor care, ICU, etc. The thing is, the work pays much less than my web development skills. I'd be tempted, but apparently the society values health care less than it values websites. I must say, I'm conflicted about not taking RT work more seriously. I do maintain my California license though. I may yet return to the work in some form. Perhaps I'll start a web based RT employment agency. I certainly have the Google PageRank for it.Respiratory Work Coming Out of My Ears I get a lot of questions about this, it's been added to the FAQ.Voltes V Videos Question - Now in the FAQ A link from my friend Steve K: THE PROPHET - Kahlil Gibran -- for future reference. I like this:  Your daily life is your temple and your religion. Whenever you enter into it take with you your all. Take the slough and the forge and the mallet and the lute, The things you have fashioned in necessity or for delight. For in reverie you cannot rise above your achievements nor fall lower than your failures. And take with you all men: For in adoration you cannot fly higher than their hopes nor humble yourself lower than their despair. The Prophet Leah and I now have a cat. Formerly named "Leo" and later "Mustang," we think his new name is "Basilone" -- for the exit off the 5 we got him from. We met his former owner and acquired all manner of cat gear. He's a well mannered, housetrained, spayed, bengal. He was pretty quiet all night. Seems like he'll be a fun cat. In other news: My ankle continues to get better! It's now many shades of purple I really didn't want my ankle to ever be. Additionally: I'm way behind on many things. This is cat and catch-up week! NewsFlashes Pedal Powered Networking Update: Technical Information For The Jhai PC And Communications System More: Pedal Power: Look Ma No Wires Jhai PC - A Computer for Most of the World JHAI Foundation: The Remote IT Village Project Now that's a really interesting use of technology.WiFi, pedal powered Yesterday everyone assumed my injury was racquetball related. It would make a better story for sure.Flattering? One of my favorite internet errors is to get an email where the recipients were, instead of BCC'd, merely CC'd. In this way, one can extract out the domains to see what kinds of websites the folks on the same mailing list have. By the looks of it, this is an interesting San Diego List! Here it is: www.2by2.net www.3maw.usmc.mil www.abac.com www.adelphia.net www.ainsburg.com www.allenbarron.com www.alltel.net www.aol.com www.appleone.com www.att.net www.awionline.net www.barnes3centcopies.com www.bateman.net www.bechtel.com www.bigfoot.com www.bisson.us www.boursorama.com www.ccdc.com www.ccdsd.org www.cgey.com www.chapman.edu www.chsd.org www.ckcdglobal.com www.clarusenergy.com www.co.san-diego.ca.us www.coi-world.com www.compuserve.com www.copleypress.com www.course.com www.cox.net www.cs.com www.csc.com www.cts.com www.dashields.com www.ddc-web.com www.delmarglobal.com www.designsolutions.tv www.dielectric.spx.com www.dor.ca.gov www.driveu.com www.dstec.com www.earthlink.net www.ecrmc.org www.edd.ca.gov www.email.com www.engineer.com www.ericsson.com www.excite.com www.fctcpac.navy.mil www.ftscpac.navy.mil www.gageteeple.com www.gat.com www.gen-probe.com www.genica.com www.gisws.com www.halliburton.com www.hansenusa.com www.home.com www.homebuyeragents.com www.homedepot.com www.hotmail.com www.household.com www.hp.com www.imbrettjackson.com www.impactengine.com www.infinet-is.com www.ixpres.com www.jud.ca.gov www.juno.com www.klondikemarketing.com www.kp.org www.kyocera-wireless.com www.kyocera.com www.l-3com.com www.lionmail.com www.lmco.com www.maxim.com www.mcmillinrealty.com www.memcg.com www.mfr.usmc.mil www.missionfcu.org www.monster.com www.morrisandbrown.com www.msn.com www.navair.navy.mil www.navy.mil www.navyads.sdcoxmail.com www.ncr.com www.netscape.net www.netthere.net www.netzero.com www.nimitz.navy.mil www.nmcsd.med www.nordstrom.com www.metrocall.com www.oldendorf.navy.mil www.one80.biz www.onebox.com www.orincon.com www.orlandoward.com www.pacbell.net www.palm.com www.pec.com www.pendleton.usmc.mil www.peoplepc.com www.power-find.com www.prepaidlegal.com www.prpllc.com www.pulselink.net www.rayaintegration.com www.reddoor.biz www.rehabwest.com www.roving.com www.saic.com www.salientnetworks.com www.san.rr.com www.sandi.net www.sandiego.gov www.sandiegometro.com www.sannet.gov www.sbcglobal.net www.sciti.com www.scrippsclinic.com www.sdcaa.com www.sdcb.org www.sdccd.cc.ca.us www.sdccd.net www.sdchcc.com www.sdcoe.k12.ca.us www.sdcounty.ca.gov www.sdreader.com www.sdsheriff.org www.sdvideoanddesign.com www.simasd.navy.mil www.simincsd.com www.softaire.net www.southlandtechnology.com www.spawar.navy.mil www.stcnet.com www.stevensassoc.com www.stichler.com www.swc.cc.ca.us www.syndham.com www.talksmartwireless.com www.tei4cal.com www.telesis.org www.themarlinalliance.com www.thermogammametrics.com www.tijuanaestuary.com www.titan.com www.tlcstaffing.com www.tns.net www.tolchin.net www.tpsoft.com www.trw.com www.tycoint.com www.ucsd.edu www.uniontrib.com www.unisys.com www.usa.net www.utm.net www.va.gov www.verizon.com www.verizon.net www.vincent-enterprises.com www.virtuallyblack.com www.vue.com www.vvsd.net www.websidestory.com www.wopikamarketing.com www.workforce.org www.worldnetatt.net www.worldtravel.com www.yahoo.com www.yahoogroups.comThese Are A Few Of My Favorite Things Church. Breakfast. Swap meet. Christmas gifts. Turkey cooking. Lose main pair of pants on drive to laundry. Laundry. Second degree twisted ankle. Pain. Turkey and squash dinner Scrooged. Cleanup. Bedtime. The swelling has gone down, but it hurts still. Ow. Today: work; bus pass; new pants; leftover turkey; HEALING.Yesterday Recap Scientific American: Unmaking Memories: Interview with James McGaugh -- this is really interesting. On the agenda today: getting out of bed, breakfast, laundry, and a birthday party.Fascinating thing about memory That's all I have to say, really. Peace and Love to you.Merry Christmas  He's Not In It For The Money:  Frank Zappa's Big Band Brother Ed Palermo QRIO: Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With! Zinni, Vietnam veteran, Bush supporter in 2000, against the conflict in Iraq Judge: I saw police commit felonies: A judge who said he witnessed some of the anti-free trade protests complains in open court about how police handled the demonstrations. Net Smartass Extraordinaire gives us: Shock and Awe: Merry Christmas from the White House! Mission creep for Patriot Act From Leah: Tolerance.org: MISOGYNY IN MUSIC: Have Videos Gone Wild? Hilarious Audio from NPR: NPR : Humorist and NPR commentator David Sedaris -- a Santaland Diary thing. Very very very funny. My Quixtar URLs Page was updated. I like this Doug Welch column, which can be summed up as Think. NFL Click for Cans jwz points to Eyesore of the Month by James Howard Kunstler -- wow! bitter, smart, witty! HTTP made easy What Does LVX Mean? Great quote: "No man was more comprehensively doomed than him whose chief source of gratification was making favorable impressions on some particular woman." -- Quicksilver p. 389 Slugging -- I did not believe in this -- but my sister who lives in DC says: My friend slugs to work every day. She lives with her dad way out in Potomac Mills, slugs to the Pentagon, takes the metro there and is work in about a half an hour to forty minutes. Otherwise it would take her up to an hour to two hours (on a bad day) to get to work. Evidently, there are unspoken rules, for example, no talking, driver controls the radio, driver must pick up two people (to make it safe), and you don't make future arrangements to meet up. It's a great way to commute because all parties involved benefit and there's no commitment. Driver gets to take the HOV lane and everybody gets to work faster. Erica was saying that they did a piece on NPR and she heard that it was started by military folks who lived out in the burbs when the HOV lane was created. Or, so I've heard.  It's 11:24 on 11/23. Here comes Christmas! Onward. Links and Stuff of the Moment  2001 header Saying "Merry Christmas" in many languages Is there a Santa? (from an engineering standpoint) Christmas Stuff to Enjoy on ArtLung.com I want to kiss you! vs. I kiss you! (see what Mahir did with his fame at: ikissyou.org). More on the ESPN broadcast at oliverwillis.com. The reporter, Suzy Kolber, handled the incident perfectly I think. I think this is not sexual harassment of any kind, but I think people will be loathe to put Joe Namath on the air without a breathalyzer test.Joe Namath: the new Mahir? I'm stressed out. Working on it.Holidays. Voom. So busy. Ankle feeling better. Christmas tree up. Crafts done. Stocking made for my Aunt for someone else. Freelance project going well. Lord of the Rings seen. Chocolate covered cherries made by Leah. Leah put up links to her articles on her blog. Some old decorations will be taken to Goodwill. Gifts purchased. Many Christmas cards mailed. Enjoying Fairytale of New York and A Charlie Brown Christmas music. I am content, though a bit more stressed than usual. Supposedly, this is typical during the hoidays. Being aware of it is a nice change. To know my own limits is a wonderful thing.Xmas Rap So Saddam was caught the other day. Today, Mathowie and Anildash point to the first person account of the Saddam Raid. But was Saddam awfully haggard in those photos? And was that spider hole: a of base of operations or more like a prison cell? Looks like it was actually the Kurds that caught Saddam - note the sources are in the Arab world, Australia, UK, India. I don't see any US sources there. They say the first casualty of war is the truth. So will we see the US domestic media tell this story?Saddam, Captured... by the Kurds? See: lab.artlung.com.And don't tell anyone, but "The Lab" is moving... Respiratory therapy - Wikipedia. Supposedly I know about this field.Just worked on this: Is over. I may take it again sometime soon. I did well, and got good workouts. My ankle still hurts but has improved. Work is fine. Preparations continue apace for Christmastime. Found some older mouse droppings the other night. Bas smelled them, and with luck is primed to take action should he find the creators of said droppings. Though we've had no signs of mice for a while. Still very busy now. I look forward to peace and quiet of vacation/holidaytime.Racquetball Class  I gave blood today. next time I give blood I'll drink more beforehand. I'm still loving Quicksilver. I have purchased some Christmas gifts. I have more to purchase. Going to Mass tonight. Going shopping tonight. I'm wearing an ankle brace. The weekend was great -- Leah and I had her kids. The cat is slowly recovering from the traffic levels. Reflective heaters ROCK! I prefer too hot to too cold. I like the game Go. itsyourturn.com is nifty. My iBook is a useful, versatile tool. I reorganized some books last night and found some mouse droppings. Old ones. The cat found them before I cleaned them up. I hope Bas understands to associate that smell with "KILL!" I enjoy french toast. The Ukes of Hazzard are charmingly funny and silly. Leah makes tasty french toast. Old Christmas Content on ArtLung.com: Merry Christmas in other languages. Target during Christmastime is busy. Possible plans for New Year's include a trip to Utah. More as it happens.  Snapshots of the Yuletide season Aljazeera.Net - Saddam Hussein captured has the best coverage at the moment of giving the full story. CNN (on TV) had President Bush giving a speech, but little in full details of how he was captured, and the context of same. I watched Three Kings, one of my favorite movies, with Leah's two older boys last night. I suppose this is the endpoint for one of its' plot points, Saddam himself. So the question is, what changes for the Iraqi people? News of the Day I played my first racquetball in 2 weeks since I sprained my ankle. My ankle still hurts. The game was more like chess -- with limited mobility, shot selection and placement is more critical. It makes me wonder if wearing really heavy shoes would be an interesting discipline while training. It was good to play, even if I did not do as well as usual. Afterwards I bought an elaborate lace-up brace at Sports Chalet in Point Loma. I think keeping off it, and stabilizing it can only be good for the ankle. Leah's kids are here, though her youngest is ill. I am presently tired and lying in bed due to racquetball and because I happened to stay up till 4am or so working on some freelance. Yesterday's  timing of events and responsibilities was not optimal. I stayed a bit late at work, no problem. But my Grandma asked me about getting one of my cousins' varisty football games to show up on her computer. The archived games were available, but there was no video. Well, her Windows 98 machine had an older version of Windows Media Player (these were .asx files), so I advised her to upgrade WMP to version 9. This of course produced only confusion on her part, and asked me if I could do it. Under the circumstances, I decided sure, I can totally do this! The downfall, of course, is that my Grandparents are on dial-up. So the 14 megabyte install took an hour and change to download. Actually, it was cool to just chat with my Grandma for an hour about the holiday season, about helping her buy a gift for my Uncle (a computer guy), I showed her the photos of Bas on Leah's site, she talked about having lots of cats when she was a girl. We talked a very little bit about Church. Last Sunday Leah and I went to St. Joseph's Cathedral downtown, and I can't think of any reason for me to have gone there with anyone other than her. So it was like a little oasis of a conversation in a hectic day. I feel lucky to have some Grandparents who are still around. She talks about how embarassed she is about having not such good control of her right arm. Twenty years ago she had a terrible stroke, which she has survived with grit and determination. But it changed her life utterly -- she had been vibrant and active, and losing her right side catastrophically meant she could no longer drive, write, type, walk the way she once could. I have a hard time seeing how I could do much better than she has considering she lost so much mobility and dexterity. She's a marvel of energy and mental strength. Sometimes I even see myself in her. Or should I say, sometimes I see aspects of her when I look at myself. So now I'm listening to Virgin Radio UK on iTunes. They played The Rolling Stones' Undercover of the Night, a song I like. Ty brought me hot cocoa. Today we're taking it easy. Chilling out in this 1892 house. Playing games, blogging, having cocoa, and soon I'll be napping. I like today. It could be a morass of stress, especially considering it's the holiday season -- presents to buy, lines to be in, and all of that -- but today is good. UP AND AT THEM Lots to say. Much stuff happening. Wait for the weekend for more info. Here's a word I didn't know much about before I started reading Quicksilver: papist. No really, more this weekend. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to burst with links and news, and this is one of those times. But not right now. Hurrumph Remind me to listen to this NPR piece about Talking Heads when I get the chance.And You May Remind Yourself M-THEORY MUSIC does a nice job with their online newsletter. I don't think it's on the web, but it's a nice personal flavorful bunch of nuggets of opinion, new music, and local flavor. Kudos to them. And if you're in San Diego, you should check 'em out.Good Newsletter He growls. He growls off into the kitchen, at unseen and unheard forces. Bolt upright, and growling quietly. "We have our very own guard kitty," says Leah. She whispered it, lest he growl at her.Cat Update  My sister sent me the link for videos from The Darkness. She said: "Watch the video for I Believe in a Thing Called Love. It's amazing.". I have. She's right. Unashamed 70's Power Pop. Reminds me of Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody merged with the Beastie Boys' Intergalactic. A plugin for PGP for Mail.app: GPGMail I'm alarmed to find out that the open eye racquetball goggles I want so much do not work: Open (Lensless) Eye guards Fail Testing; Racquetball Eye Injuries United States Marine, Artist The amazing history of Frank Zappa and Louie Louie The story of the Frank Zappa statue in Vilnius. And, The statue itself. Elizabeth Shin tragedy: comment by Philip Greenspun What is this about SCO and SAMBA source code?  (Blogger was down when I wrote this part): A light rain is falling here. It should be a lovely day. ... Leah and I went to a more solemn Catholic Mass this evening. Fulfilling. This has been a mellow weekend. My ankle is feeling better, too. Though we went to the store to buy an ankle brace and when we got home the box was empty. Oops. That makes me feel dumb. It was a good day. I trust it will be a good week too. Some Links For A Sunday MorningMy first and only cease and desist letter was some time back. When I got this GTM had been defunct for some time. Never mind that I had had a verbal agreement with my supervisor at GTM for permission to show the logo as part of my portfolio online.

They gave me "fine" business days to remove the page. I think they meant "five" Heh. Crazy lawyers!

Here's the text of the letter:


Global  Telecom Media
December 9, 1997
Joseph A. Crawford
3375 Manning Ave. #14
Los Angeles, CA 90064

A search of VOAA through YAHOO turns up the site //home.earthlink.net/~artlung/logos5.html, apparently your site. An examination of of that site turns up work done for our company (to wit; a VOAA logo and artwork for GTM.NET.) This work is the property of Global Telecom Media and is not to be reproduced without our permission. Please remove it immediately. If it is not removed within fine(sic) business days of this letter being posted, we will have no alternative but to turn this matter over to counsel.

Cordially,
James A. Lee

cc. P. Campbell, Esq.
GTM023.DOC
9713 Santa Monica Blvd. Suite 218
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
(310) 273-7760
(310)273-8860
My First Cease And Desist: 1997Yes indeed!. Coming real soon now. Less than 7 hours.Happy New YearI've avoided talking about hot and breaking news for a while. I did not post about the recent quakes in California and Iran; and I've somehow managed not to post anything about Paris Hilton. But Mad Cow Disease is a horse of a different color. Go read Alton Brown - It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad Cow where he says:  No...that's not nature. Cattle are not cannibals. They are turf munchers...cud chewers, and they are meant to feast on the salad bar that is open pastureland. Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) or "mad cow disease" results when the people who raise cattle feed them chow that includes the brains of other cattle that were infected. Why would anyone want to feed cattle to cattle? Economics of course...it's a cheap way to bulk up feed. And why would someone want to do that? To get the price of beef down. Why? Because we like it that way.

That's right, Mad Cow disease isn't the beef industry's fault, it's not the USDA's fault, and it's surely not the cattle's fault. It's our fault.

That's right...you and I are to blame for the fact that hundreds if not thousands of animals will have to be destroyed because of the threat of BSE. We are to blame because our culture has come to value two qualities above all else: "cheap", and "more". How else can you explain the cancerous creep of Wal-Marts across our landscape, or the ever swelling American waistline.  And then read this, from the author of a book that got no media coverage in the USA. Read AlterNet's story: Mad Cow USA: The Nightmare Begins. Which is surely scary, but necessarily so. Government is in the pocket of the beef interests, this needs to be fixed, and this is important. An excerpt:  Since the announcement of United States mad cow disease our phones have rung off the hook with interview requests. The New York Times noted that "The 1997 book 'Mad Cow USA', by Sheldon Rampton and John C. Stauber, made the case that the disease could enter the United States from Europe in contaminated feed." Articles in the New York Times also cited other warnings from Consumer Union's Michael Hansen, and Dr. Stanley Prusiner, the Nobel Prize-winning researcher who this week called the current United States practice of weaning calves on cattle blood protein "stupid." All of this would be very vindicating, except for one problem: the millions of dollars that the government and industry are spending on PR to pull the wool over the public's eyes might just succeed in forestalling the necessary steps that now, at this late date, must still be taken to adequately deal with this crisis.

The good news is that those steps are rather simple and understandable. We should ship Ann Veneman and her smartest advisors to Britain where they can copy the successful feed and testing regulations that have solved the mad cow problem in Europe. Veneman and her advisors should institute a complete and total ban on feeding any slaughterhouse waste to livestock. You may think this is already the case because that's what industry and government said they did back in the summer of 1997. But beside the cattle blood being legally fed back to cattle, billions of pounds of rendered fat, blood meal, meat and bone meal from pigs and poultry are rendered and fed to cattle, and cattle are rendered and fed to other food species, a perfect environment for spreading and amplifying mad cow disease and even for creating new strains of the disease.

The feed rules that the United States must adopt can be summarized this way: you might not be a vegetarian, but the animals you eat must be. The United States must also institute an immediate testing regime that will test millions of cattle, not the 20,000 tested out of 35 million slaughtered in the past year in the United States. Japan now tests all cattle before consumption, and disease experts like Dr. Prusiner recommend this goal for the United States. And of course, no sick "downer" cows, barely able to move, should be fed to any humans. These are the type of animals most likely to be infected with mad cow and other ailments - although mad cows can also seem completely healthy at the time of slaughter, which is why testing all animals must be the goal.  So. People, get active. Learn about this. And tell the truth about it. Animals you eat must be vegetarian. It's that simple. The USA can solve this problem.Mad Cow Disease New Year: Animals you eat must be vegetarianFrom ipodbatteryfaq.com:  Q: Apple only released their battery replacement service because of all the bad publicity from iPod's Dirty Secret.

A: While often claimed, this couldn't be further from the truth. Apple released the battery replacement program November 14. ipodsdirtysecret.com was only registered on November 20, and started being heavily publicized on November 21. Additionally, Apple had been planning the AppleCare programs for months - these types of service programs don't just happen overnight - before Casey Neistat even had his first contact with Apple. The video campaign had nothing to do with Apple's rollout of the battery replacement program.  The Dirty Secret folks have a great guerilla movie. The sad thing is that I put it in the category of "Triumph of the Will" -- brilliant marketing for a hollow, misleading cause.

I would like to see the Neistats do something more substantial with their marketing talents. (background: ipodsdirtysecret.com )ipodsdirtysecret.com : triumph of the willFedEx to buy Kinko's for $2.4 Billion ... I've been a Kinko's fan for a long time - before the net broke big I liked renting computer time there to practice on Illustrator or Photoshop. Kinko's is somehow associated, for me, with democracy. Perhaps it's a result of remembering how "Xerox machines" were tightly controlled in the old Soviet Union. Kinko's is basically a big retail printing press. If you want to print a leaflet, you can do it there. I've always liked that. I hope the purchase goes well for them.FedEx buys Kinko'sHootie and the Blowfish has officially endorsed John Edwards in his campaign for the Presidency of the United States of America.Some jokes write themselves. Arabic: Yousef, Yousuf, Yusef, Yusuf Croatian: Josip Czech: Jozef Josef Danish: Josef Dutch: Joop French: Jose German: Josef Iosef Hungarian: J&oacute;zsef Italian: Giuseppe, Giussepe Kiswahili: Yusuf Norwegian: Josef Polish: J&oacute;zef Portuguese: Jose Romanian: Iosif Russian: Ioseph Osip Serbian: Josif Spanish: Jos&eacute; Swedish: Josef Tamil: Susai  (via oxygen.com babynamer)Translations of "Joseph"The Oreo Metaphor Animated Movie from truemajority.org is well worth a look.Excellent Civic Metaphor about Money and the Occupation of IraqAt Philip Greenspun's Weblog he notes the 10th anniversary of his personal site, which mutated into photo.net, and which caused him to learn a great deal about building web community with database-backed websites, and so in turn he wrote books and put up sites and inspired people like me.

Kudos on that anniversary!10 Year Anniversary of Philip Greenspun's Dynamic Site We don't do that after nine o'clock. The grill is closed, dude. Cats love printers. Lines of the Day The Fresh Air from December 17, 2003 is with the author of the book Lost Christianities: The Battle for Scripture and the Faiths We Never Knew. The interview is both interesting and moving, as the author says he came from a very literal, Evangelical faith of "The Book" -- and had his faith shaken when he realized the historical ambiguities and inconsistencies in the writings of the early Christians. I'm putting the book on my wishlist. Also on the Christian tip, Leah and I attended Midnight Mass here in San Diego at St. Joseph Cathedral. And I got the book Things a Computer Scientist Rarely Talks About by Donald Knuth, inventor of TEX (here's his homepage). It's about the intersection of, of all things, faith, specificlly Christianity, and Computer Science. It's based on a series of lectures he gave at MIT on the topic. I've just finished the introduction, and I'm riveted. Here's his own page about his book. My evolving thoughts on religion are, I think, a direct result of having been asked to be the Godparent of my friend Chris' (his portfolio site hosted here)son, Zac. It was into the Catholic faith, and it stirred my own heart on my own evolving feelings about Catholicism, Zen Buddhism, Atheism, Agnosticism, and Freethinking -- in addition to talking with Leah about her own feelings toward her upbringing. I am not at all certain how I feel, but I continue to seek truth and light and goodness. I quite like the emphasis the Catholic Church places on works. It makes me feel like it is not Grace what judges us. Rather, a just capital-"G" God would look at how we treated other people and judge us that way. I continue to be highly skeptical of the notion of a personal "God." I reserve the right to be a Freethinker in the capital-"F" sense. I reserve the right to question EVERYTHING! That's the scientist in me, I suppose. Reconciling that with a person who "believes" in things like "art" and "love" and "trust" and "family" -- which are abstract constructs, unsuited to scientific measurement. Not all things are explained by science, and that is acceptable. But where we can, we must look carefully at ALL things, to see where we can, and where we cannot apply a scientific method. For the heart knows things that reason cannot know, and that I know to be truth, because I feel it in my heart. Which of course is the kind of tautological explanation that sounds very like a zen koan. Ah well, sweet mystery of life.Fascinating Bible and Christianity Interview; Religious UpdateI was in Wal-Mart yesterday. The whole joint is a race to the bottom. How cheap can it be done. We don't care where. We don't care who. We don't consider long term economic benefit or harm. We want the lowest price. So Sassy's predictions, inasmuch as they focus on cheapness - eliminating staff, outsourcing if it's cheaper - I aggree with wholeheartedly.Race to the bottomAudio Reversal In Popular Culture is a neat web page all about instances where people reverse, somehow the sound in a song to dramatic effect, or just to be weird. Of course Zappa is included.I Love AudioSubtly Simpsons made me laugh.For a laugh:Lots of stuff going on. I owe it to myself to do a big long post with all the changes, but not yet. Mom, my goal is to get a full update out there by the end of the week!

Love and happiness to all!

OnwardLotsUCSD Visual Arts : Undergraduate Program : Majors : ICAM.I Am Seriously Thinking About ThisThere is no group called softweargirlz. SWGz participated in Happy Hour 9 prominently. WebGrrls San Diego has been closed for a while. Techniquelle is still around though. Times change, I suppose.Sad to see it leave the San Diego landscapeRead this: Your bank account, your liberties

We realize that the Fourth Amendment -- and the rest of the Bill of Rights -- exist for a reason, and that absolute power corrupts absolutely. With H.R. 2417, with the USA PATRIOT Act, with its ability to detain American citizens indefinitely without charge or access to attorneys or judges the Bush Administration now has absolute power. And with the Valerie Plame affair and so many others the Bush Administration has proved that absolute power does indeed corrupt absolutely.

The only hope we have now is for the entire electorate to appeal en masse for the restoration of restraint and accountability to the White House. You and your friends, you and your coworkers, you and your family must appeal to the press and to your elected officials for the return of the rule of the Constitution and reason. You must reassert your civil liberties and insist that White House aides, overzealous FBI agents and corrupt DEA agents not have access to your banking records without probable cause. You must insist that your private details remain private without probable cause. You must insist that you and your neighbors not be jailed without charge, not be disappeared without lawyers, not be held without judicial review.

You must insist that the Founding Fathers knew what they were doing when they wrote the Fourth Amendment -- and the rest of the Constitution -- and that their wisdom is no less relevant today than it was in 1776.

Get active. Demand accountability and adherence to American principles of Freedom from YOUR Government.More Civic Duty: Your Bank Account, Your LibertiesGo read this November 2003 article from The New Yorker: War After The War: What Washington doesn't see in Iraq by George Packer. It's thought provoking and troubling. Yeah, I'm late to it, but it's great. It was my father who pointed me to it. Go.Your Civic DutyRecycling Your Christmas Tree San Diego!Hey San Diego!Happy New Year.OfficiallyI Love L.A.

Crank up the Beach Boys, baby Don't let the music stop We're gonna ride it till we just can't ride it no more

(...but I'm staying in San Diego)npThe hilariously funny (and, please, also not for kids or sensitive adults) The Story About The Baby has been updated with a new series of columns: The Story About the Toddler. The true adventures of a father who looks at things cynically, wittily, and foulmouthedly.Awesome Diversion! The Decline of Fashion Photography -- An argument in pictures -- by Karen Lehrman in SlateThe Power Of SlideshowsThis stuff called quorn seems a lot like the "scop" (a commodity single cell protein food source found in novels of Bruce Sterling, particularly my favorite, Islands in the Net. And hey, here's a site called Technovelgy.com: scop. Nifty. Including some other terms from Sterling works.Quorn = SCOPI've been on a tear of posting lots of individual entries with neat stuff I found or stuff that upsets or entrances me. Well, there will be more of that. Soon I'll take a breath and talk more seriously and at more length about: changes in my personal life, changes in my professional life, and upgrades to my educational life.

In the meantime, feast on miscellany!Lots of Individuated Blog Entries!Here's my hello world moment for the programming language Python:


#!/usr/local/bin/python
print "Content-type: text/html\n"
print "hello"
if 1 == 0:
print "1 is 0"
else:
print "1 is not 0"
print ""
print "word "*10


Which results in

hello 1 is not 0

word word word word word word word word word word


Expect more new stuff coming soon. Onward with a vengeance!My First Python ProgramThe First Time Caller website is up! I vaguely know a guy involved with this.Movie: First Time CallerAnd it will make you think.

Caltech Michelin Lecture:

"Let's be clear: the work of science has nothing whatever to do with consensus. Consensus is the business of politics. Science, on the contrary, requires only one investigator who happens to be right, which means that he or she has results that are verifiable by reference to the real world. In science consensus is irrelevant. What is relevant is reproducible results. The greatest scientists in history are great precisely because they broke with the consensus." Interesting Speech, About Global Warming And AliensMacedonan.tv took down their copy of my page, and link back to me! That's so cool!Good Citizens!kakistocracy: "Government by the least qualified or most unprincipled citizens"Word of the DayRemind me to check my grade at Student Web Services Online. What's up with the system not being online in the middle of the night?My Racquetball GradeShare Your OPML: Who subscribes to... artlung.com/blog/rss/ ... woo hoo!I have 2 subscribers!rc3.org : The iPod Mini: "$249 seems like too much money to pay for the iPod Mini."Most Succinct Post on the iPod MiniFrom Bruce Sterling:
When you get to the future there's just more future ahead of it.

From the audio interview at Massive Change.

More: On the WELL and always on his blog.Quote of the Day, and More Bruce SterlingNaladahc and Chuck linked to me for the Simpsons thing. Glad ya liked it guys!

Also, Janece and Kynn have linked to me in the last while.

And look at this, Macedonian.tv has appropriated my Flash Mind Reader thing at http://www.macedonian.tv/artlung.htm. They've kept my copyright notice and everything.

Hey, don't steal my stuff! Time to write them a note.CitationsRead Leah's Christmas Tree Salesman post. Totally true story. Tree SalesmanEconomic Democracy: Towards a Democratic Economic System and Media -- I intend to read this.I like the phrase...USA Today reviews Something Deeper Than These Changes:

Stew, Something Deeper Than These Changes (***) On his solo outings, of which this is the third, the lead singer of L.A. pop eccentrics the Negro Problem is frequently compared to Burt Bacharach. I find his sinuous melodic twists and articulate but sometimes-oblique lyrics ("lunch box mind") more reminiscent of Jimmy Webb. Whatever. Such lofty comparisons attest to Stew's undeniable gifts, evident throughout this consistent set but most distinctive on the circular shaggy-dream tale of L.A., Arteest Caf, and two of the most gorgeously melancholy songs of 2003, Way of Life and Love Like That. Ken BarnesUSA Today Likes StewSo Bas got a little stinky, Leah let me know. So, I washed him! He was amenable to the process, and now smells of that wacky Dr Bronner's Eucalyptus Castile Soap. He did not make a sound the whole time, but he was trying to leave the whole time. Luckily I know all about cat wrasslin'.

Never heard of Dr. Bronner Soap? It's awesome stuff - all natural -- and the bottle packaging is covered in aphorisms such as:  Who else but God gave man this sensuous passion, Love that can spark mere dust to life! Beauty in our Eternal Father's fashion! Ecstasy far above Earthly greediness &amp; strife! Poetry, uniting All One, brave, all life! Who else but God can make Love last 1 trillion years of sweet eternities! For when conquered after years of toil, sweat, blood, Love can strike like greased lightning sent by God! To spark mere dust to intense blazing fire &amp; create the unity of God's spaceship Earth, as all mankind desire! Bronner's Almond Soap quart poem teaches 'How to Love' uniting All-One above!  Now that is something to love about troubled California -- the crazy desperate joyous goofy positivity of Dr Bronner's of Escondido, California.

And the cat smells great!Cat, WarshedRead this: Some more facts: Torture by proxy/How immigration threw a traveler to the wolves.  a) Arar was not trying to enter the USA.  He was just doing a plane change in NYC coming in from Europe and going on to Montreal.  Since then the USA has cancelled the program that let you stay in a controlled area to change planes in the USA without entering it. He was then, bizarrely, deported not back to Europe (normal procedure for those who fail immigration) or to Canada (his place of citizenship to which he was flying) but to Syria.

b) The organization that he was accused of association with, the Muslim Brotherhood, is an anti-Syrian-government organization, trying to bring down the repressive Syrian regime, very much in line with US goals.   So when they sent him to Syria, they tortured him not to help the USA, but to see if he was one of their own enemies.

c) Arar had been investigated on these associations, and cleared, in Canada.  That got his name in the files though, and thus got him pulled from the airport.   The RCMP's complicity in this is an issue of contention in Canada right now.

d) Canada issued a travel advisory after this, warning Canadians who were born in certain Arab nations "to avoid traveling to the USA."   Yup, the USA is the sort of dangerous country travel advisories get issued on.  There are more instances of these things as time passes and Government has too-large powers over its citizens and visitors. I'm tired of it. The war on terror is vitally important, but if it makes us a repressive people, and a repressive government, is it worth it? I'm alarmed and angered.Arar: Traveled via USA, deported to Syria and Tortured as an INS agent anymore:  The former INS and former U.S. Customs Department were merged into the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) division of the Department of Homeland Security.  I had not realized that. See: US Citizenship and Immigration Services, US Customs &amp; Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security.There is no such thing...Man, that ground is red.
Fry sauce.
Dial-up is slow.
It is bad to put cellular phones into washing machines.
I gave my copy of The Jefferson Bible to Leah's parents.
I like dried papaya.
Many movies and TV shows have been shot in Kanab.
Driving through the area where the polygamists live is eerie.
Leah with her brothers and sisters: wonderful.
When going to LDS country, bring a white long-sleeve shirt with a collar.
And maybe a tie.
And perhaps a coat.
Sconecutters in St. George was pretty good.
It's fun to joke about getting married in Vegas.
There ain't nuthin' in Baker, California. Though the bathrooms were clean and the gas was the cheapest in town.
The truck held up great -- Thanks mom and dad!
The new regime begins today!Things About Utah I'm on the road. Back in the box late tomorrow. Southern Utah is beautiful, though dry. More this week. Onward via dial-up!Roadable Today will be my last day at FinancialAid.com. I've enjoyed my tenure there. I'll have a major announcement next week about what I'm up to next. I've talked about it a bit. But for now, I'll leave you wanting more. Drop me a note if you're curious. I'll be in and out this busy weekend, and will likely not check email much. So... have a great weekend! Let's be careful out there!Off  How to wake up with energy in the morning Chris Ware: self loathing? US Army: Iraq a distraction in War on Terror Genetic sexual attraction - peculiar phenomenon, glad this is not my situation! PHP OOP Ariana Huffington goes off about the conventional wisdom on Dean Two Buck Chuck Songs that mention Comics Do web search engines suppress controversy? Projects: one day at a time Open Letter to Miramax (they're bungling great Asian movies, particularly Shaolin Soccer) More radio interviews with smart people Another Bruce Sterling interview (I can't get enough!) Catch Up (Link) Ball What do Rover, The Dot, F1, Office Logo, Mother Nature, Links, Rocky, Merlin, Courtney, and Earl have in common?1am Quizlet The Crypto-Gram for January 15, 2004 is excellent as always. Particularly, read his strong criticisms of current airline security and the color-coded alert system. Also, I will miss it, but the author of the Crypto-Gram newsletter, Bruce Schneier, will be in town Friday night at San Diego Technical Books promoting his latest book.Security Thoughts; Schneier WebSanDiego.org - Search this site is currently down with this error:  ht://Dig error htsearch detected an error. Please report this to the webmaster of this site. The error message is: Unable to read configuration file '/usr/home/artlung/public_html/_websandiego/cgi- bin/htdig/conf/htdig.conf'  This is another thing I want to add to my list of "things to do."Search, Down Introduction to ColdFusion Components ColdFusion Development Forum: Components MVC for ColdFusion MX CFSCRIPT Tutorial Daily Use: Subversion SQL Server Performance Tips HTML Forms and JavaScript (a minor reference) Ballad of the SneakMisc Bookmarks (Found Clearing Out Stuff At The Soon To Be Former Gig) Jefferson College of Health Sciences is the new name of the former Community Hospital of Roanoke Valley: College of Health Sciences. Here's a bit more about the history of the College -- many former names and colleges that have merged over time to become this new thing -- many tributaries, all forming this new river. I wonder if any of my old instructors are there?Alma Mater, Nombre Cambi Sometimes one must Dance. With a trombone.Dance! Bedtime now. More tomorrow. Er... today, later. Much later. But the laundry is done! (More or less). Many thanks to those of you who have sent well-wishes since my last big post. The positive thoughts are much appreciated.Tired Bookmarking for the future...  http://www.healthnet.com http://www.bankwi.com/ http://www.ehealthinsurance.com/ HealthcareLast night we had a little party at Corvette Diner in Hillcrest in honor of Leah's 33rd Birthday. That's a change.

This year I myself will turn 34. That's a change.

Tom's wife is pregnant. That's a change.

Janece is pregnant, that's a change too.

I have resigned my position with financialaid.com. I enjoyed my time there, but I have new opportunities on the horizon. To call me "elated" does not do the change justice. It's a change in emphasis that I look forward to with delight, fear, wonderment. I will have more information about the new venture as I get closer to it. Expect to hear lots about it here.

I'm chomping at the bit.

Corvette Diner is named after the car, which is in turn named after various species of warship. The small and nimble corvette is an appropriate image for the new ventures of the year. I am going to war!

The plan is for a Master's in Five Years. I am claiming that spot out on the horizon five years hence for my Master's degree, and it will be mine. I currently hold a modest Associate of Science degree in Respiratory Care. Next week I'll be talking to a counselor about my options. They are legion.

It's time to claim my place in academia, and sink or swim on my own merits. It is time to abandon the road of the pure autodidact and embrace the rigors (and pitfalls) of the academy.

Luckily, I am not alone in my battles. I see more than ever the strength to be gotten with proper shipmates. Foremost among my crew is Miss Leah Peterson, woman, artist, photographer, writer, mother, friend, housemate. We are currently engaged to be engaged to be married. We discuss it, but both realize that we would like to be better arranged financially and emotionally before doing something as powerful as marriage. Marriage is something both of us have done with mixed results. There was good out of both of our marriages, but also unhappiness. And we will seek to prepare ourselves thoroughly before entering into that sacred bond again. We are not babes in these woods. There be tygers.

But I am happy, enthusiastic, scared, emboldened. I am happy. My life is not perfect... what life is? ... but I am ready to go...

onward!Corvette LocalFeeds has an exclusively San Diego Page -- how do they do it? -- they use GeoURL data combined with RSS data. It's also smart enough to list "Nearby Cities" such as  El Cajon,  Chula Vista,  Tijuana,  Escondido,  Oceanside. So cool!GeoURL + RSS = LocalFeeds Read this one on Salon: Homeland Insecurity: The fact that U.S. intelligence agencies can't tell terrorists from children on passenger jets does little to inspire confidence.  Relying on computers to sift through enormous amounts of data, and investigators to act on every alarm the computers sound, is a bad security tradeoff. It's going to cause an endless stream of false alarms, cost millions of dollars, unduly scare people, trample on individual rights and inure people to the real threats. Good intelligence involves finding meaning among enormous reams of irrelevant data, then organizing all those disparate pieces of information into coherent predictions about what will happen next. It requires smart people who can see connections, and access to information from many different branches of government. It can't be seen by the various individual pieces of bureaucracy; the whole picture is larger than any of them. These airline disruptions highlight a serious problem with U.S. intelligence. There's too much bureaucracy and not enough coordination. There's too much reliance on computers and automation. There's plenty of raw material, but not enough thoughtfulness. These problems are not new; they're historically what's been wrong with U.S. intelligence. These airline disruptions make us look like a bunch of incompetents who cry wolf at the slightest provocation. Homeland InsecurityLeah is making a change in focus for her LeahPeah Blog. Now entitled "ask leahpeah," and based on the fact that "readers ask the darndest things!"Changes for LeahPeah BlogTheSanDiegoChannel.com - Health - Woman's Skin Falls Off, Miraculously Lives -- here's more on Transcyte:

Human Fibroblast Derived Temporary Skin Substitute - Temporary wound covering for surgically excised full-thickness and partial-thickness burns.

TransCyte consists of a polymer membrane and newborn human fibroblast cells cultured under aseptic conditions in vitro on a nylon mesh.  Prior to cell growth, this nylon mesh is coated with porcine dermal collagen and bonded to a polymer membrane (silicone).  This membrane provides a transparent synthetic epidermis when the product is applied to the burn.

As fibroblasts proliferate within the nylon mesh during the manufacturing process, they secrete human dermal collagen, matrix proteins and growth factors.  Following freezing, no cellular metabolic activity remains; however, the tissue matrix and bound growth factors are left intact.  The human fibroblast-derived temporary skin substitute provides a temporary protective barrier.  TransCyte is transparent and allows direct visual monitoring of the wound bed.

At one time I would work in the Burn Unit and UVa, so I learned a little about skin and its' importance. And this story amazes me.

And this is the site of the University of California at San Diego Burn Center.

Wow.Ocean Beach Woman Loses Skin, Lives Happy Birthday Leah!Today Vossa is a new space available to rent for presentations and stuff. Very tricked out, and I may be interested in using this for one of my ventures.Vossa: Rentable Space gtm; jamisongold; edupoint; avencom; financialaid; bidland -- some of these may be spam from "joe jobs", so beware for content.Search For Posts From My Old Co-Workers Google groups, formerly Deja News Groups: artlung at earthlink.net; jcrawford at avencom.com; jcrawford at edupoint.com.Usenet Posts From Old Email AccountsI remember this videogame The Ending of Ecco the Dolphin for Sega GenesisI remember this videogame 2 Million American Children Have Their Own WebsitesI have one, so I'm up to date with 2 million US kids  "Artistic talent is a gift from God and whoever discovers it in himself has a certain obligation: to know that he cannot waste this talent, but must develop it"  Source: CNNPope, BreakdancersWith today I resume regular employment. More in a little while.

If you're out there, and looking for work, I recommend you read this article, by Joel Spolsky: Getting Your Resume Read. It's really excellent advice.

A buddy of mine was doing some hiring recently, and he was astonished by the number of people who violate basic etiquette, pay zero attention to details, and seem to ignore the rules set down in the initial job posting. Perhaps that's just desperation. But -- if you're jobless, it's on you to do everything as right as possible, yes?Resume, Resume Macintosh was born 20 years agoEpoch So I'm taking some classes at City that will apply for TAG and IGETC for later transferrence to UCSD: Statistics, Java Programming, and I'm the waitlist for Spanish. I enrolled and paid online. It's a modern age I suppose. Like I said (or maybe I didn't), the counselor at City was very helpful. Okay. Onward. Classes Wow that was fast. My transcripts came from UCLA Extension -- really fast. I have 15 units -- B in Entry Level Positions in Film Production, and 3 A's: Digital Backlot: an Introduction to Digital Image Creation for Film &amp; TV; Mac Illustration; and Post-Production for Film and Television. I don't think any of it necessarily applies, but it's nice to see on paper.UCLA Extension TranscriptCaptain Kangaroo's "Joseph" Song 45rpm Record -- includes audio!In honor of the Death of Captain Kangaroo Summary: things good: likely candidates for Spring classes: Spanish, Statistics, Java Programming. So we'll see. Oh, and more than half of my SDCCD credits transfer. My Virginia units will need to be assessed by SDCCD. I've been advised by Sassy to fight for those units hard. Got lots of worksheets and requirements lists on my potential UCSD majors and on IGETC and TAG and am diving in. You know, Bioinformatics is looking much more interesting to me. It's hard science, it's programming. It could be really cool. The Cognitive Science/HCI degree also is entrancing and looks doable. So, as Sassy has succinctly put it, I have a few goals to hit my 5 year goal of a Master's degree. That's a Master's by 2009.  Successful Application to UCSD Bachelor's Degree at UCSD Successful Application for Master's Degree Master's Degree  To get step 1, I need to jump through hoops and get my units in a row for TAG and IGETC, and that includes getting my units to City from CHRV College of Health Sciences/Jefferson College of Health Sciences, getting those assessed... and, enroll for some classes for the Spring. This is fun. Had my meeting with a counselor I'm sitting in the East Village Coffee House, which is across the street from San Diego City College. On further inspection, I have 26 units of credit from 1987-1989 from the San Diego Community College District. Where these random credits which range from A to F put me, I have no idea. The F obviously don't count, but the A in Broadcast Studio Operations and the B's in Cinema as Art/Communication I, Introduction to Philosophy, Beginning Architectural Drafting, General Psychology, Introduction to Radio and Television may. So too may my C's in Design, Cinema as Art/Comm II, and Principles of Marketing. Yuck. I was a much different person in 1987-1989. Much less patience for things which I did not enjoy. Less tolerance for teachers who I might not agree with. And mostly, I was lazy and unwilling to work very hard for anything. It's funny, in High School and when I was first taking classes in Community College I used to hide my grades from my parents, forge signatures -- nasty stuff. That kind of deception makes me cringe now. I have shame for that time, but I learned a lot from that. And I'm a much more open and honest person, particularly since my divorce. Things are much different now. Anyway... So I'm waiting for the transfer office to open up at 10am (usually they open at 8am) -- and we can take a looksee. This is sort of fun. Next week I begin a new gig in earnest. I've gotten... er... three notes asking me what it is. And I've complied. And some other friends and family know what's up. So next week - even more newness! Stay tuned... and... onward!Holding Pattern So it is looking like I need about 30 units of Community College work (more or less) to get into UCSD. I talked with a super-nice Transfer Counselor and essentially it looks like 30 units or so will get me in there. My current academic state is sort of ambiguous. I have 90 or so units which contributed to my Associate of Science - but as these were from Virginia, they don't necessarily transfer, or not, to the UC system. I also have some units from UCLA Extension, from whom I've now requested a transcript. Though there's no guarantee that any of those will transfer. I also have a few additional, much older units from San Diego here, which may transfer (though those were from when I was a paltry 17 and 18 years old, and some are not so hot). Still, they may count for something. So now I'm collating all these things and will talk to a counselor at City or Mesa College about what I can make with all these ingredients. Best case scenario would be TAG or IGETC into UCSD in Spring 2005, but I'd have to have all 30 units in time - unlikely. Likely scenario is to matriculate in Fall of 2005 as a Junior. Likely majors for me include, in no particular order:  Cognitive Science/Computation B.S. Cognitive Science/Human Computer Interaction B.S. Biology with a Specialization in Bioinformatics B.S. Computing and the Arts B.A.  The goal continues to be Masters degree in 5 years. It looks like I can be enrolled in 2005, plus 2 years is 2007 for my Bachelor's, which gives me 2 more years for a Master's if I'm to get it by 2009. So, we'll see. Oh, and I got an "A" in Racquetball, 0.5 Credits, from last semester at City College. So I'm already a student there, really. College; Racquetball Grade Point, Counterpoint.vs. I've been wanting to build a comprehensive guide comparing PHP, ColdFusion, ASP, etc for some time. Something like: Server-Side Scripting Comparative Anatomy, combined with links out to the documentation on php.net, Macromedia.com, and Microsoft.com. Something one can use to know that rawurlencode(), URLEncodedFormat(), and Server.URLEncode() are the three respective ways to do the same thing in the "big three."Web Programmers Guide To Comparative Language Functions IDEO Method Cards look like they're congruent to The Oblique Strategies.  The Oblique Strategies evolved from me being in a number of working situations when the panic of the situation - particularly in studios - tended to make me quickly forget that there were others ways of working and that there were tangential ways of attacking problems that were in many senses more interesting than the direct head-on approach. If you're in a panic, you tend to take the head-on approach because it seems to be the one that's going to yield the best results Of course, that often isn't the case - it's just the most obvious and - apparently - reliable method. The function of the Oblique Strategies was, initially, to serve as a series of prompts which said, "Don't forget that you could adopt *this* attitude," or "Don't forget you could adopt *that* attitude."   The Method Cards are intended as inspiration for practicing and aspiring designers, as well as those seeking creative spark in their work. It's a design tool meant to help you explore new approaches and develop your own.  I don't have either. But I like the idea of both.IDEO Method Cards ~= Brian Eno's Oblique StrategiesChuck makes the point going to the moon by 2015 is sort of aiming low. I mean, we did this already. In 1969.

I see his point, actually.Moon Goal: Underachievement? My cell phone is currently down, making it rather hard to make or take calls. This is one of the hazards of going all cellular: DOWNTIME! Still, AIM works.GrumbleCivics Department: One Party USA? Read this: America as a One-Party State by Robert  KuttnerCivics Department: One Party USA? I used to love Media Grok, and now maybe this will be cool. Though it says "Guest Blog" -- which maybe indicates it is only temporary. The Industry Standard: Guest Blog: Jimmy Guterman - Internet Business NewsMedia Grok -> Media Unspun -> Blog? Read this: BarlowFriendz: The Counter-Revolution Has Been Televised:  "This is especially true in a primary campaign where the leading criterion driving candidate preference is the ability to beat the incumbent. Given the relentless hammering he took from the media, Dean was lucky to get 26% of the New Hampshire vote. Even so, Dean may be done for. Or, more to the point, done in. Some will say that he strung his own rope, but it looked more like a media lynching to me. Assuming I'm right about this, why did television want to hang Howard Dean? I may have an answer. It may be that, once again, we have met the enemy and he is us. By pre-announcing the possibility that this might be The Internet Election, we issued fair warning both to the traditional media and the big money politicos that a threat was at hand. If Dean could actually raise enough money online to match in aggregate the much larger and fewer donations Bush has bought from the plutocrats with his tax cuts, it would shake the system to its rotten core. Worse, if information from the Web and the Blogosphere were to start defining enough personal realities to contest the great mass of tube-zombies at the polls, the gazillions presently spent on television campaign ads would start to wither. An enormous amount of power and money might be at stake."  Read it all.John Perry Barlow on Dean Check with the The Oracle of Starbucks. Silliness.Like Starbucks? Remind me to install a Kwiki.Kwiki Backup Brain:  Orkut (what's Orkut?) was down, but now it's back up again. Not a member but want to be? Ask. Later note: uhhh... I meant ask if you and I actually do know each other, virtually or otherwise.  Hee. Yeah, if you know me, ask to be invited, and I'll let you in on all the fuss.What Dori Said... The South Eastern Michigan PHP Users Group seems particularly active. And no, I'm not going to Michigan. :-)Nifty UG Hey, I just ordered TurboTax for Mac. With luck I should have my taxes done in a few weeks, though I'm still waiting on my W-2 from one of my employers. The TurboTax (formerly MacinTax) product is really good. Painless, and easy.Taxes Brian Dear sent me this latest silliness of his: Denounce Newswire: Amazon Launches New Social Network Called "Pricekut": "Customers Can Now See and Comment on the Contents of Other Customers' Shopping Carts" I guess you have to be pretty geeky to get it though.Silly Social Networks Foundation for Individual Rights in Education: Press Release: "Writing Instructor Loses Job for Discussing Iraq War in Class"Here's an outrage... Check this, on Many-to-Many -- Is Social Software Bad for the Dean Campaign? A quote:  The Dean campaign has brilliantly conveyed a message to its supporters, particularly its young ones, that their energy and enthusiasm can change the world. Some of this was by design, but much of it was a function of people looking for something, finding it in Dean, and then using tools like MeetUp and weblogs to organize themselves. The story of the bottom-up and edge-in style adopted by Dean's staff has been told a thousand times, and it's a good one. But what if this style has also created a sense of entitlement or even inevitability about the change? What if communing with fellow believers has created the sense of accomplishment and satisfaction that comes from participation in a shared effort, but hasn't created a sense of urgency or threat? What if Dean supporters believe that believing is enough, and what if the Dean campaign's brilliant use of tools to gather the like-minded both online and off has fed that feeling?  I can attest to the fact that online groups can give a sense of self-satisfaction that can make you think more is being accomplished than is a reality. In my websandiego group, for example, often people have a sense that it's so active and vibrant -- the only place they would ever need to market is there on websandiego. The truth is that the vibrancy does not indicate that there's a huge pool of enthusiastic consumers of XYZ web dev product. And it's only a tiny slice of all the possible consumers of web dev products in San Diego. The Presidential race is still early, and I'm looking forward to more competition as it shakes out. So far I'm glad to see Lieberman and Kucinich doing poorly -- when I hear them speak, I get irritated. I have been cautiously supportive of Dean so far, and despite these two early losses -- there's still more to come for thiss year's election. Shirky on online community and the gap between the enthusiasm and action ...is http://artlung.com/blog/atom/Duh, the URL for my Atom Feed... Blogger added support for Atom feeds -- read more at AtomEnabled.org -- it's not got the same content as the RSS feed, but hey, it's simple enough. I'm using PHP code to add Etag and Last-Modified code:  header("Last-Modified: $myDate"); header("Etag: "$myDate""); header("Content-Type: text/xml");  I also added this code in the html of my page:  &lt;link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="Atom" href="http://artlung.com/blog/atom/"&gt;  I need to add an icon as well. So, yeah. I've been reading dive into mark.org, which has been interesting and internecine and internutty. That was supposed to be funny. Okay, I'm trying.Okay, Atom is ON Testing of publishing of an Atom Feed. You won't see anything yet. Sorry.Atom Sander pointed out to me that the index page of websandiego.org was showing a directory listing. It has now been fixed. The title of this post is the only proper response to the fact that the front of websandiego.org was a directory listing for about 20 hours. Thanks for the QA, Sander!Aiiiiiigh! Tease, tease, tease. I just ordered some new business cards from iPrint and they should arrive soon. I'm excited about my new venture. I'm thinking about doing a press release and everything. Something I can send to the likes of freshnews and the t sector -- or would that be worthwhile? I'm still formulating my plans of attack for now, but I have oodles of ideas for how I'm going to be attacking my new, part-time job. Was that obscure enough? Ask me to be more obscure!New Business Cards My father had a weather-related car mishap today. The email my Mom sent describes it as prety scary. Back in Virginia, things are icy and cold and I don't care for that one bit. With some luck, it looks like the car was not lost, and my Dad got out and to work safely with a colleague. The weather in San Diego may not be perfect right now -- it's overcast and a bit chilly and sometimes wet -- but it's head and shoulders better than ice, sleet, snow, and cold.Yikes! Sassy sent me some help for: : "$color = ( $counter % 2 == 0 ) ? $colorOne : $colorTwo; " -- it uses the modulo operator, described . Thanks Sass!Alternating Color PHP Thinger I've just put up a listing of the most recent posts to websandiego using the RSS library for PHP called Magpie. http://websandiego.org/recentposts/ is where I've put it. http://websandiego.org/recentposts/source.php is the sourcecode in question. I think it was Steve Eisenberg who noted that YahooGroups provides an RSS Feed for the group at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/websandiego/messages/?rss=1 The whole *point* of the syndication thing is to allow this kind of thing, and this is pretty nifty. It uses caching, and supposedly uses conditional GET to make sure the page does not hit yahoo too hard. I'd love to hear feedback from people about what they think of it or if they have other ideas for how websandiego.org can use RSS. We still have an RSS event calendar on the front page -- but that really is dependent on people using the Sharpe calendars. Sadly, it's hard to get people to use a unified calendar, or even to publish a unified calendar. Anyone have programming or other feedback? Or even a better construct for doing alternating colors in a table. :-) My clunky code is: if ($counter==0) { $color=$colorOne; $counter++; } else {$color=$colorTwo; counter=0;} More on Magpie: http://magpierss.sourceforge.net/ (reposted from websandiego)Stupid RSS Tricks: PHP, Magpie, and RSS There are some new and cool San Diego pieces over at San Diego Blog. Well, I think they're cool. Maybe they're not. Hah.San Diego Blog! from The Road Less Traveled, by M. Scott Peck: "Human beings are poor examiners, subject to superstition, bias, prejudice, and a profound tendency to see what they want to see rather than what is really there."Some great quotes America is Not A Christian Nation.Remember... File under "oh those kids today!" Item 1: Mike Rowe is supposedly making a bundle on eBay by selling legal docs (though ostensibly only got an MSDN membership and an xbox) Item 2: The G5 Kid was a big hoax &lt;Nelson-Muntz&gt; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ha Ha. &lt;/Nelson-Muntz&gt;Kids today! MikeRoweSoft and the G5 Hacker In his latest op-ed, Slouching toward Big Brother, Bruce Schneier asks the questions our politicians and media OUGHT to be asking.  Security is a trade-off. It makes no sense to ask whether a particular security system is effective or not--otherwise you'd all be wearing bulletproof vests and staying immured in your home. The proper question to ask is whether the trade-off is worth it. Is the level of security gained worth the costs, whether in money, in liberties, in privacy or in convenience? This can be a personal decision, and one greatly influenced by the situation. For most of us, bulletproof vests are not worth the cost and inconvenience. For some of us, home burglar alarm systems are. And most of us lock our doors at night. Terrorism is no different. We need to weigh each security countermeasure. Is the additional security against the risks worth the costs? Are there smarter things we can be spending our money on? How does the risk of terrorism compare with the risks in other aspects of our lives: automobile accidents, domestic violence, industrial pollution, and so on? Are there costs that are just too expensive for us to bear? Unfortunately, it's rare to hear this level of informed debate. Few people remind us how minor the terrorist threat really is. Rarely do we discuss how little identification has to do with security, and how broad surveillance of everyone doesn't really prevent terrorism. And where's the debate about what's more important: the freedoms and liberties that have made America great or some temporary security?  Brother Bruce Speaks  "Warnock's Dilemma The act of choosing whether the lack of response to a discussion-list post is because of its brilliance (there's nothing to add) or because of its stupidity (it doesn't deserve comment). Named after Brian Warnock, who first described the condition on a Perl list."  ( from Wired 9.10 ) Warnock's Dilemma Citizen of the US? Go read Senator John McCain:  In the State of the Union Address just last night, the President called on us to act "as good stewards of taxpayers dollars." He asked that, when he sends us the new budget plan, we "focus on priorities, cut wasteful spending, and be wise with the people's money." Why wait for that budget? Let's start right here. Let's strip all of the pork, all of the earmarks, and all of the good deals for special-interests out of this bill and "be wise with the people's money" right now. " I encourage you to read it all. WE the people Doc Searls says: "Then remember that we've only had two primaries so far, and that November is a long way off."November Election 833786 - Steps that you can take to help identify and to help protect yourself from deceptive (spoofed) Web sites and malicious hyperlinks  "The most effective step that you can take to help protect yourself from malicious hyperlinks is not to click them. Rather, type the URL of your intended destination in the address bar yourself. By manually typing the URL in the address bar, you can verify the information that Internet Explorer uses to access the destination Web site. To do so, type the URL in the Address bar, and then press ENTER. "  You know your web browser is buggy and old when you're telling people not to click on links. ( via http://boingboing.net/ )Microsoft advises against clicking in MSIE HIGH BIAS -- Stew: "Stew didn't really write this" Stew Review I've gotten two noted from people about iTunes Error: "The iTunes Music Library file cannot be read because it does not appear to be a valid library file" -- saying that reinstalling iTunes was not necessary. I've added a note indicating that step as optional, but if the instructions fail, to reconsider reinstallation. Thanks internet!iTunes Bug Fix Addition (I got to read this in advance -- it's a good one) .. WritersMonthly.US- Puking at 30,000 feetNew Column from Leah// This is my first Java Program -- today

public class JoeCrawford
{
public static void main(String[] args)
{
	System.out.print("Hello Joe!\n\n");
	System.out.println("\tThis is fun?");
	System.out.println("What is the . . . \1 \2 \3 \4 \5 \6?");
	}
}
and...


&iexcl;Hola! &iquest;Como te llamas?  Muy bien, &iquest;y tu? Languages Today I need to download the Mac version of jGRASP. It went well. Spanish in a bit. Busy busy. Good good.My Java Class I start School today. I'm nervous. I'm excited.School SDSUniverse covers a San Diego Blogger: Bernie Dodge Puts His Life Online. Bernie has a SDSU Blog as well as his own personal blog: One-Trick Cyberpony. Bernie's been linking to SDB for a while. Blogs good he does.Bernie Dodge, San Diego Blog Guy joe crawford dot com is launching. It's an online business card. An old school "one page" website . it describes my two main professional activities. The "BIG SECRET" I've been referring to is basically that I am now an Evangelist for LAMP Host, who is a great hosting company located here in San Diego. I've been a customer and have referred people there for a long time, but never had any sort of formal relationship. Starting last week that relationship began full time. My role will be the sales and marketing of top quality web hosting from LAMP Host. At the moment I'm working on my elevator speech and beginning to do networking in earnest. I attended a rather small computer consultant meeting tonight, and got to practice and start putting feelers out there. It felt pretty good. Last week I spent a great deal of time learning the ins and outs of the business, getting a feel for the underlying technologies and systems. It's good stuff, and I'm excited to represent it. In the interests of "eating my own dog food" -- a phrase coined to describe the process by which companies actually use what they sell --  I'm slowly migrating some of my websites to LAMP Host. So far I'm liking what I see. The other big thing I'm doing is freelance web stuff -- building websites, fixing bugs, that sort of thing. If folks have any questions about all this, please feel free to contact me. Thanks for listening.joe crawford.com I have created an OPML file for San Diego Bloggers. What is OPML? It stands for "Outline Processing Markup Language" -- see opml.scripting.com for more information. google for import opml for more information on importing the file into your RSS Reader. e.g.: FeedDemon. In NetNewsWire, one must save the OPML file, then save the file, and import then. Unfortunately, Safari does not save the file properly, it insists on adding an .xml extension. So you have to change that. Irritating, but not insurmountable. It would be nice to be able to import subscriptions "live" from the web.OPML File for San Diego Bloggers.com Pop Review | Stew: A Troubadour Travels in Circles, With Lives Tangled in His Own: "Onstage Stew was as much an actor as a singer. His voice is genial and adequate, but he had the rubber-faced presence to make each song vivid. He set up songs with droll introductions and turned himself into a secular preacher, a befuddled tripping teenager and a frustrated gay Ken doll who would prefer G.I. Joe to Barbie. Without cynicism or naive optimism, he understands human weaknesses and all the fascinating trouble they can cause. I miss Stew. He's in New York now.Stew Review in the New York Times(I meant to post this a few weeks ago..., but I never finished it... incomplete, but check it out...)

The other day I had lunch with an old pal from High School. This was someone with whom I'd not spent any time since the reunion in 1997. I went to school at USDHS, and I was thinking of posting here on "what has changed since we last talked extensively. I think quite a lot, actually.

The Soviet Union fell apart. Talking Heads put out their last album and broke up. I got an Associate Degree. I fell in love several times. I got married. I got divorced. The USA has been to war with Iraq twice. Unfinished blog post... Since 1987 about the Janet Jackson Super Bowl "accident"... Does CBS think we're that stupid? Ever feel like you've been cheated?  "I'll wager you anything you like, if American women stopped wearing brassieres, your whole national economy would collapse overnight! "  --  J. Algernon Hawthorne, in It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad WorldMathowie puts it all together... Check out the slow evolution of San Diego Bloggers.:  Fool's Eye BlogOsten.netJoanne "Living Out Loud" Van Meter"urbnNoDiceJohn K. Davis, Technology AdvocateKM BloggerTUUNOkie in San DiegoetalkingheadSearch Visibility ReportState of KhoandaryMy. SyndromesAnita4RealCuppa TeaSebastian HolsclawThe Vance Tran WebsiteThe Cheese Stands Alonethe m-pire strikes backGod's Lonely ManUnion Tribune Fire BlogDo you have that in my size?Haywood Jahelpme (aka Tech Support Hell)Blogs of Peace - Fair and Balanced  Lots of new additions. I had a dedicated email address for keeping up with that site, and it was 99% spam. I've killed the account in favor of using my feedback form. This gets rid of lots of the crap. Apologies to those of you whose blogs have been so delayed. Most Recent San Diego Bloggers; SDB updates I was looking up the word Sedevacantism -- a word I had never read before -- and I came across another term, I did -- Tridentine Mass:  "While the Vatican does allow the use of Latin Masses, it insists that the latin version of the new Missal be used rather than the older Tridentine Mass, which only can be celebrated with a special dispense. These Parishes are approved by Rome and their local Bishop. There are now Parishes dedicated to the exclusive celebration of the Mass said according to the 1962 Missal, itself based on the original Tridentine Missal of 1570."  And Mom, don't worry, I can say certifiably I don't truck with these splinter-Catholics. It's just interesting to me, the history and controversies. I find the efforts of groups to splinter away from any religious group fascinating. The whole of the history of Christianity is of groups seeing things differently. My wish would be that people learn to agree to disagree in peace.Catholic stuff Halcyon: Carl cried "Dolphins!" on Sunday. Joanie: said "What Dolphins" on Sunday. And on Monday I was working on a redesign of LAMP Host which includes the MySQL Logo, which features a dolphin. Janece: talks about IMAX Dolphins on Monday. Is it that I'm merely noticing mentions of dolphins? Or are dolphins entering the collective unconscious somehow? There are a few mentions in the news. Mere coincidence, I think.The Dolphins Are Talking To Me BoingBoing points to the eTech Wiki, the eTech main page, and BloggingETech.com Of the folks I read: Dori, Doc Searls, and Brianstorms. Also check the Technorati Profile of the main conference page. I had intended to go, but I'm way busy.Emerging Technology Conference in San Diego There are new badges for San Diego Bloggers I found. One by Tim Murphy, and one by Dale Franks. On a related note: Leah has some too.New Badges Red Door Interactive acquires AVENCOM. NIFTY. I've worked with both companies: as an employee for AVENCOM and a contractor for Red Door. I think it's a good fit.Red Door Interactive Buys AVENCOM The Black Commentator - The Awesome Destructive Power of the Corporate Power Media - Issue 75:  This commentary, however, is not about the merits of Howard Dean. If a mildly progressive, Internet-driven, young white middle class-centered, movement-like campaign such as Dean's - flush with money derived from unconventional sources, backed by significant sections of labor, reinforced by big name endorsements and surging with upward momentum - can be derailed in a matter of weeks at the whim of corporate media, then all of us are in deep trouble. The Dean beat-down should signal an intense reassessment of media's role in the American power structure. The African American historical experience has much to offer in that regard, since the Civil Rights and Black Power Movements were born in a wrestling match with an essentially hostile corporate (white) media. However, there can be no meaningful discussion of the options available to progressive forces in the United States unless it is first recognized that the corporate media in the current era is the enemy, and must be treated that way.  I've been pretty disgusted by the manner of the de-annointing of Dean by Corporate Media. He does unprecedented things with financing (NO HUGE CORPORATE DONORS) and for this, he gets media punishment. But some of us aren't buying this nonsense. I'm remembering this lesson about the media very well. The media cannot be trusted anymore than they can be thrown. The title of this article is great from diveintomark.org: The myth of RSS compatibility:  There are 9 versions of RSS, all of which are incompatible with various other versions. RSS 0.90 is incompatible with Netscape's RSS 0.91, Netscape's RSS 0.91 is incompatible with Userland's RSS 0.91, Netscape's RSS 0.91 is incompatible with RSS 1.0, Userland's RSS 0.91 is incompatible with RSS 0.92, RSS 0.92 is incompatible with RSS 0.93, RSS 0.93 is incompatible with RSS 0.94, RSS 0.94 is incompatible with RSS 2.0, and RSS 2.0 is incompatible with itself.  RSS Complexities YouCan Make It With Plato - Bush's difficult relationship with reality. By William Saletan:  This big-picture notion of reality, existence, and the world as it is dates back 2,400 years to the Greek philosopher Plato. Plato believed that what's real isn't the things you can touch and see: your computer, your desk, those empty barrels in Iraq that Bush thought were full of chemical weapons. What's real is the general idea of these things. The idea of a computer. The idea of a desk. The idea of an Iraqi threat to the United States. Whether you actually have a computer or a desk, or whether Saddam Hussein actually had chemical weapons, is less important than the larger truth. The abstraction is the reality. Plato's successor, Aristotle, took a different view. He thought reality was measured by what you could touch and see. That's the definition of reality on which modern science was founded. It's the definition Colin Powell used when he told the world Saddam had weapons of mass destruction. It's the definition David Kay used when he set out to find the weapons. Kay and Powell are dismayed by our inability to see and touch the weapons. But Bush isn't. He isn't going to let Aristotle's reality distract him from Plato's. George W. Bush, Plato & Aristotle I was able to enjoy good coffee, internet access, and good conversation (not necessarily in that order) via Golden Hill Free Web, available at the coffeehouse. I dug it. (Can you tell that today I'm doing "spring cleaning" on stuff I meant to blog before?)2 Weeks Ago @ Influx (File under: Posts that were meant to be but never were)  COALESCE()  - the ANSI standard ISNULL()  - the Microsoft T-SQL standard (only takes two values) IFNULL()  - the MySQL standard (only takes two values) NVL()  - Oracle / Informix PL/SQL standard (only takes two values)  Got that from a message board. Basically it takes a query result, and in order of the parameters, if the first is NULL, then it uses the second parameter (often a string or 'N/A' or whatever. SQL Server: Coalesce() SQL Server: Isnull() Kind of useful when you want to munge strings -- because anything + NULL is always null, you can avoid that by doing COALESCE(TABLE.WHATEVER,'')+ 'anything'What I Learned About SQL on August 7, 2004 Unmaking of the President - 2004:  According to CPI, the three largest fundraisers in the presidential campaign at this time are Howard Dean with more than $25 million; John Kerry with more than $20 million; and, of course, President George W. Bush with $85.2 million (as of Sept. 30, 2003). As has been reported, Bush plans to build a war chest of some $200 million for the election. His top major donors include financial firms Merrill Lynch & Co., Credit Suisse First Boston, UBS Paine Webber, and Goldman Sachs Group. The President's top career donor is the scandal-ridden Enron Corp. Kerry's top donors include Fleet Boston Financial Corp., Time Warner, and a variety of major law firms. Time Warner, as we know, is the world's largest media conglomerate. Among a variety of media outlets, it also owns Internet giant America On Line and CNN - a virtual cheerleader for Kerry. The research Center does not cite any major donors for Dean. As we know, the majority of his contributors are ordinary citizens who donate an average of $77 dollars. Dean's 'special interest group' is the American people.  Hm. George Bush: The Enron President? Media Interests are not interested in Dean Socal Free Net is doing some great work to provide free wireless in my neighborhood.Cool Stuff in my Hood Java: Failure or Crime?: "Only one fate can be ignominious enough to expiate Java's wrongs. Java must be consigned to use as an undergraduate teaching language."Ha Web Design Meetup San Diego, California -- only NYC beats us.San Diego, #2 Web Design Meetup City Today I walked to school. Not bad, and much better than what I did this week, which was drive and park. City College stinks for parking. Why I didn't walk before I don't know is that I thought it would be easier, and I was lazy. It's less than a mile from here to there. Not too bad. But being able to drive gives me the ability to come and go from campus however I wish. School Transport First Time CallerFun trailer Web Design Meetup -- Calling all Web Designers in San Diego, CANext Week: Web Design Meetup! The Daily Californian interviews William Hung. See also: WilliamHung.net. (via waxy)He Bangs! Has been implemented on San Diego Bloggers. I don't say this often... but... BOO YA!New Window Preference Setting Giving Users A Preference Widget for Opening New WindowsNew Lab Item: PHP/cookie Preferences for new windows Today is so so so busy!Dang!01 - Voltes V Opening Theme ... Voltes V
02 - I am Jullandar Shere ... Cornershop
03 - Serenata Nortena ... Los Lobos
04 - California ... Myl&egrave;ne Farmer
05 - Falsas Esperanzas ... Christina Aguilera
06 - I Zimbra ... Talking Heads
07 - 99 Luftballons ... Nena
08 - Cielito Lindo ... Los Lobos
09 - Piel Morena ... Thalia
10 - 2 Become 1 ... Spice Girls
11 - CA Plane Pour Moi (This Life's For Me) ... Plastic Bertrand
12   Sarabai! Happy Hen ... Azumanga Daioh
13 - Mais Que Nada ... Sergio Mendes &amp; Brasil '66
14 - Fotos Y Recuerdos (Back In The Chain Gang) SelenaRecent Mix CD Made Man. Last week was hard. Lots of work on all fronts. I feel like these look:  I had those shoes since about 1996. Two weeks ago Leah and I had a small ceremony and let them go, she took the photo above to commemorate their passing. I recently bought some new shoes. This is a rather big step, because I despise shopping for clothes and I despise purchasing shoes most of all. But as you can see above, it was time. It's been a trying week. This weekend I've been mostly working a freelance project that is good stuff, but tight deadline-wise. School is going fine. I'm kicking Java's ass! Spanish is okay, though I misunderstood the instructions for some homework and missed a day 2 weeks ago from feeling poorly, so I'm turning on the diligence full-blast. Statistics is fine, I enjoy that, and hope to turn some of my new statistics knowledge into some code for the lab and for WebSanDiego.org. I have some other freelance stuff percolating as well. When something finally launches, I'll be posting about it, but for now things are either hush hush, or not quite done enough to post about. The upside is that the checks are clearing on these non-public work projects. I'm looking forward to an improved week this week. A bit less stress and complexity. And I hope you have a good week too. Onward. Old Shoe Tom Bickle asks:  Now that you've been at it for a few years, what do you think is the single most useful aspect of keeping an online journal?  Self-reflection? A "backup-brain?" Form of expression?  What do *you* get out of it that you most value?  I think the thing that's best for me is as an "outlet" -- a kind of pressure valve when things get rough. In good times, it's nice to be able to write, but when things are bad, writing is a great mechanism for articulating my feelings and letting off steam. Second best is indeed as a junk drawer for my thoughts and when things happen. When did I take a leave of absence? When did I move? It's in the blog. What was that link for the funny David Hasselhoff video? When did I work on such-and-such project? It's in the blog. Great question Tom.Blog? What's it good for? Happy 3rd Birthday ArtLung Blog It was 3 years ago today that I started blogging. Since then I've been blogging about all and sundry: including: work; play; religion; politics; the weather; changing jobs; marital separation; divorce; new love with Leah; ... Everything. My life, edited for public consumption and private introspection. And more to come. More writing, and more life. And so, a toast to myself: Onward, Joe Crawford!Anniversary Today my candidacy may come to an end--but our campaign for change is not over.... Bitter taste. Kerry the fait accompli? I like Edwards a whole lot. Maybe Kerry/Edwards. Time will tell.Dean Blogs Blogging Basics with Movable TypeKynn is teaching... Great Nations of Europe LyricsDead Letter Office: Ashes to Diamonds... Reefs... Space! Send your ashes to space (via Ken)Ashes to... George W. Bush and John Kerry both spent their mid twenties in uniform. The similarities end there.Kerry/Bush Bruce Schneier: Crypto-Gram: February 15, 2004  In the last issue of Crypto-Gram I published a couple of security essays that had a political component. I was surprised by the number of e-mails I received from people accusing me of bashing Bush (or worse). American politics may be getting vitriolic, but I think it's worth stepping back and looking at the political security landscape. I believe that the Bush administration is using the fear of terrorism as a political tool. That being said, I'm not sure a Democrat would do anything different in Bush's place. Fear is a powerful motivator, and it takes strong ethics to resist the temptation to abuse it. I believe the real problem with America's national security policy is that the police are in charge; that's far more important than which party is in office. Some of the Democratic presidential candidates for president have been more rational about security, but none have discussed security in terms of trade-offs. On the Republican side, I've read some criticisms of Bush's heavy-handed security policies. Certainly the traditional Republican ideals of personal liberty and less government intervention are in line with smart security. And have the people who accuse me of hating Republicans forgotten that the Clipper Chip initiative was spearheaded by the Clinton administration? The Republicans don't have a monopoly on reducing civil liberties in the United States. Rational security is not the sole purview of any political party. Fighting stupid security does not have to be partisan. Bush's White House has done more to damage American national security than they have done to improve it. That's not an indictment of the entire Republican party; it's a statement about the current President, his Attorney General, and the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. It's a statement about the current political climate, where the police -- and I use this term to encompass the FBI, the Justice Department, the military, and everyone else involved in enforcing order -- and their interests are put ahead of the interests of the people. My personal politics on non-security issues are not relevant.  Bruce S's position here is interesting. He's a security guy. He makes assessments about security. To say that he makes an assessment and is then "bashing" or "anti-Bush" says everything about our current political climate. We must be free to speak our minds and make criticisms without people assuming we are "bashing" everyone and everything about those we criticize. In a country with free discourse, this is the baseline. Unfortunately, the way things are spun -- by media, by politicians -- everyone -- this is getting harder. Politics & Professional Judgement Designing for Civil Society: Top 10 Open Source Tools for eActivism: "Top 10 Open Source Tools for eActivism" -- all these would work on LAMP Host.Open Source Activist Tools [IP] Don't snoop on us:  In the name of national security and of protecting us from the mad men of our times they spur the Congress to pass laws that strip away citizen's rights to privacy and civil liberty. The phrase 'Don't tread on me!' expresses the attitude of a mentally healthy public that understands that all governments, given the chance, will try to reduce the ability of the people to remove them from power. They do this by brute force, as in the Iraq of Saddam Hussein or, a nibble at a time, as now in the U.S., until they have sufficient powers to tread on us all.  Yeah. Don't Snoop On Me Apropos of my Ashes to Diamonds story: Eternal Reefs, A Cremation Memorial Option (via Meg)Ashes to Reefs San Diego's main newspaper, the San Diego Union Tribune, or rather it's online arm, SignOnSanDiego, has a moblog -- San Diego News moblog. Also they have a sports moblog.The San Diego Union Tribune has MoblogsAshes to Ashes Diamonds Welcome to the LifeGem Home - www.LifeGem.com Memorial Diamond:  Here you will find everything you  need to know about this wonderful memorial. The LifeGem is a certified, high  quality diamond created from the carbon of your loved one as a  memorial to their unique and wonderful life. Inside you will find complete  explanations on everything from how this unique process works, to  where and how to obtain your own LifeGem diamond - whether the need is  now or sometime in the future.  (via my colleague Mari) Leah's response: "That's a bad idea." I agree with that.Ashes to... My  Demonstration of oncontextmenu  Event Handler has been updated with the information that the code works under Safari 1.2 and Firefox 0.8. Thanks Joe Xaxo for this information!Lab Addition The New York Review of Books: Now They Tell Us:  "Since the end of the war, journalists have found no shortage of sources willing t  criticize the administration. (Even Colin Powell, in a recent press conference, admitte  that, contrary to his assertions at the United Nations, he had no 'smoking gun' proof  of a link between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda.) The Washington Post has been especially aggressive in exposing the administration's exaggerations of intelligence, its inadequate planning for postwar Iraq, and its failure to find weapons of mass destruction. Barton Gellman, who before the war worked so hard to ferret out Iraq's ties to terrorists, has, since its conclusion, written many incisive articles about the administration's intelligence failures. The contrast between the press's feistiness since the end of the war and its meekness before it highlights one of the most entrenched and disturbing features of American journalism: its pack mentality. Editors and reporters don't like to diverge too sharply from what everyone else is writing. When a president is popular and a consensus prevails, journalists shrink from challenging him. Even now, papers like the Times and the Post seem loath to give prominent play to stories that make the administration look too bad. Thus, stories about the increasing numbers of dead and wounded in Iraq--both American and Iraqi--are usually consigned to page 10 or 12, where they won't cause readers too much discomfort."  Groupthink sucks.How the Press Failed Us Before The Iraq Invasion and Occupation San Diego Bloggers now includes Google Adsense Ads. I have pondered including advertising in some of my sites for some time, and now SDB includes them, as of yesterday. I'm curious to see how well they work -- or don't work.San Diego Bloggers, Ads USPS - Track &amp; Confirm by Email. I recently sent off for a renewal of my passport, and I did delivery confirmation, and I get notifications that they got it. It's so cool.Cool Feature from the US Postal Service The latest Beyond the Beyond has Sterling being rather poetic about wandering in the desultory urbanity of Modern Turkey. I like it...Bruce Sterling shift in tone... Leah and I will never make Hot Dutch Tuna Buns.Leah and I agree... Rare 1968 TV HighlightsTime Capsule from 1968 This Hackles is pretty darn cute. Nerdy fun!Web Comics New Header. Thanks Leah for the great photos I can use for my occasional flights of fancy. You can see some other headers based on her photography at: 11/11/2003, 11/02/2003, 09/23/2003. Man am I busy. I guess this latest header is something about fast motion, the deluge, overloading. But classes are going well, LAMP Host is great, freelance is fine. And it's raining like crazy, still. I like it. It's scary, it's fun. "When the rain washes you clean -- you'll know" "You will know" Lent has begun. I scarcely noticed. Sacrifice is a good word. Time to take stock. It's a good thing, to examine oneself. Find out more about Lent. San Diegans -- enjoy the rain! It's good to get washed clean. I have not been particularly reflective here in the blog of late. I think it's time to do more of it. I've been coasting too long. Today my thoughts are scattered all about. There's Spanish class, Statistics and Java. There's python. There's 1997 websites (you can't have enough rollovers!). There's laundry to be done. There's a W-2 from last year that still has yet to arrive. There are lists of TO-DO's a mile long. And the thing I have to remind myself is: one thing at a time, one hour at a time, one day at a time. Goals are great, but life must be experienced step by baby-step. (And yes, I am making a What About Bob? reference there. So on this wet night, I bid you good night. Onward.Headers And Rain The instructions here for getting GPG working on Mac OS X are EXCELLENT! Configuring GnuPG (Mac OS X). So slick and so useful when one needs to communicate securely.GPG are Go! In the Philadelphia Inquirer: "Squinting at the present":  "I remember [in the early '80s] seeing posters for the small, semi-portable version of the Apple IIc," he says. "Quite a lot of what I subsequently imagined in my early science fiction simply came from seeing that ad in a bus stop. I didn't know anything about it technologically. I just thought if it's that small and that nicely styled, everything is changing." ... The creative process for him has two stages. The writing is preceded by a long period of "sitting grumpily, staring out the window." That explains why his nine books, all of which are still in print, have appeared at unpredictable intervals. "The typing on the keyboard takes about a year. The staring out the window can be any length of time and is usually harder." He's now grumpily contemplating his next novel, another present-day tale.  William Gibson Interview It looks like Cox.net screwed up my free webspace, so the large versions of the Bebe Ads * Advertisements * Advertising Photographs page are now hosted on my dot mac account.Fixed Bebe radio vox populi: live from the commons (via waxy)Blog -> Online Radio (x24 hours/day) My day as an election judge in Baltimore County is a terrific essay from the point of view of an election machine critic who actually experiences how they are used. The take home message: he finds them still too opaque to be trusted, but learns a great deal about how elections are run at the citizen level.Voting Machines Direct Experience GLOCOM Platform - Opinions:  At Harvard Business School, thirty years ago, George Bush was a student of mine. I still vividly remember him. In my class, he declared that 'people are poor because they are lazy.' He was opposed to labor unions, social security, environmental protection, Medicare, and public schools. To him, the antitrust watch dog, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Securities Exchange Commission were unnecessary hindrances to 'free market competition.' To him, Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was 'socialism.' Recently, President Bush's Federal Appeals Court Nominee, California's Supreme Court Justice Janice Brown, repeated the same broadside at her Senate hearing. She knew that her pronouncement would please President Bush and Karl Rove and their Senators. President Bush and his brain, Karl Rove, are leading a radical revolution of destroying all the democratic political, social, judiciary, and economic institutions that both Democrats and moderate Republicans had built together since Roosevelt's New Deal.  Yes, this sounds like our President. Does this sound like our President? In a search on Google for train from san diego to los angeles, I am #3, and amtrak.com is not, on the page except for a sponsored link. Ha ha.I win San Diego Bloggers. now has its own Atom Feed. (Don't click that unless you have an Atom Enabled newsreader. It will only confuse you).More Atom At ShareThePassionOfTheChrist.com you can get products tied into the film. Including a Crucifixion Nail Pendant. I have not seen the film yet. By all accounts it is bloody and violent and lacking almost entirely of the "good bits" of the life of Jesus of Nazareth. A movie about Jesus, it strikes me, ought to showcase more of his teachings of love. I'm not sure there's much to redeem a movie that's all torture. If you're looking to find out more about the life and particularly the teachings of Christ perhaps you could look at the Jefferson Bible, a favorite of mine. The idea of Christianity is this (see: John 13:34-35) at somewhere like biblegateway or another online bible source:  A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another. By this all men will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another.  That Jesus was comdemned to die and crucified are fact. To think that it must be done as a modern action movie -- with slow motion blood and gore -- I find it sad that it would take all that shallowness -- to communicate the story of Christ. It's a shame the movie does not show more of the context of the life of Christ. But every age reconstructs Christ around their own time -- and perhaps in this time of war and strife, what people might seek would be to retell the story as hyperviolent tale of persecution and torture, with plenty of gore and blood. This does not sound like the life of Christ, it sounds like Kill Bill.Passion of the Christ Merchandising; Thoughts without yet having seen the film Something from the editorial floor of Artlung.com, a would-be Christmas letter from 2003 that never was. I was fixin' to delete it, then I thought, why not blog it! So here it is...  Who won't go up on the housetop click, click, click or down thru' the chimney? It's good Saint Nick if he has to fly commercial. His boots would be taken and his suit of red searched. And those Five golden rings better be declared to customs before crossing the international border. Bobby won't get a pair of ice skates. They could be used as a weapon along with what should go in the stocking of little Will: a hammer and lots of tacks. Forget about that ball and a whip that cracks too. Or Suzy's sled. It won't fit in the overhead compartment or under the seat in front of him. It might appear thus on FoxNews: An elderly gentleman calling himself only "Mr. Claus" was detained by agents of the Transportation Security Agency December 24th attempting to board Reindeer Airlines at Juneau International Airport. Sources inside the Department of Homeland Security indicate that the man, heavyset and with a twinkle in his eye, had likely entered the country illegally via the North Pole. In the interests of the administration's War on Terror, a jolly old elf such as this, bearded, and carrying no identification is being treated as a "high probability suspect." And perhaps later.... The "Claus Case" has taken a turn... DHS and FBI agents report that the "Elf-Man" has escaped custody despite being under heavy guard. Apparently during a break in interrogation he for milk and cookies he disappeared from the holding area. The only possible exit in the security area is reportedly a chimney. Agents are at a loss to explain this circumstance, but say that the fat man left a note saying "Merry Christmas to All, and to All, a Good Night."  Not funny enough, not satirical enough, not well-formed enough. Good enough for the blog, not good enough for the Writing section. And to all a good night! Christmasness I maybe could use some of this in my Spanish class...  Hispanics with access to English content on the World Wide Web will soon have access to richer, higher quality information through a new initiative announced today by IBM.  Working in close partnership with Hispanic non-profit organizations in major urban centers across the country, IBM researchers will refine and perfect state-of- the-art software that will effectively translate English content into Spanish on the Web. Through the new grant program, called &iexcl;Trad&uacute;celoAhora! (Translate Now) Automatic Translation Project, IBM will provide access to English-to-Spanish translation software for 30 non-profit groups that serve the Hispanic community in Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami and New York City. The clients and staff of these organizations will collaborate to provide ongoing feedback about the usefulness and the clarity of the translation software to an IBM research team. With regular input from users, the translation technology will improve, become clearer and more refined &#151; and ready to benefit the communities it is designed to serve.  Well, maybe not. But it's kind of interesting.IBM launches TradceloAhora! Automatic Translation Project across the United States The version on apple.com -- wget 1.8.1 - works fine on Panther. wget and curl are my favorite unix utilities.Panther and wget online ... or at least some of them.You can watch Frontline.. I'm a dog: knowledgeable user. Check for yourself: Hackles Cartoon ArchiveWhat Level Unix Geek Are You?9 Days Away? March Mingle will be on the 10th. It should be great. More at SDCFUG.org.  We'd like to make this a technology agnostic event that brings together developers of all kinds, a sort of annual "Technology Woodstock" or "Ultimate Geek Happy Hour" for San Diego.  To this end, we have gathered together a few sponsors and rented out a private gameroom at Dave and Busters. To kick things off this year, some folks from Macromedia San Diego (formerly eHelp) will be joining us at the event.  No sales or technical presentations, just talking shop and munching on finger food while relaxing and enjoying the games and atmosphere.  Oh, and did we mention we will have door prizes including books and software?  Be there.9 Days Away I added antry for Atom in the database for SanDiegoBloggers.com and did some semi-automated autodiscovery of Atom and RSS feeds. That was pretty fun. Additionally, there are some interesting new sites in this list. Commentary, a family site, some moblogs, including one for the San Diego Chargers. Good stuff. So here they are San Diego Bloggers added in February, 2004 2004-02-27 grambo: the force of freedom (Atom)(RSS) 2004-02-25 Empty Peak (Atom)(RSS)(+) 2004-02-23 Neptunus Lex (RSS)(+) 2004-02-23 Syntax of Things (Atom)(RSS) 2004-02-19 Mythusmage Opines (Atom)(RSS) 2004-02-16 kyw  2004-02-15 Chargers Moblog (RSS) 2004-02-15 JoelBolt (RSS) 2004-02-13 San Diego News Moblog (RSS) 2004-02-13 Patrick's Weblog  2004-02-13 milladro (Atom)(RSS) 2004-02-12 Neophyte Pundit (Atom)(RSS)(+) 2004-02-12 Political Lunacy by Carl Luna (RSS) 2004-02-12 Paul Greer's Running Weblog (RSS) 2004-02-11 The Kuraoka Family Weekly Journal  2004-02-10 Life Accoutrements  2004-02-04 =Scott + Shana= (RSS) 2004-02-02 Okie in San Diego (RSS)(+) 2004-02-02 TUUN (Atom)(RSS) 2004-02-02 KM Blogger (RSS) 2004-02-02 John K. Davis, Technology Advocate (Atom)(RSS) 2004-02-02 NoDice (+) 2004-02-02 urbn  2004-02-02 Joanne "Living Out Loud" Van Meter"  2004-02-02 Osten.net (+) 2004-02-02 Fool's Eye Blog (Atom)(RSS)(+)  San Diego Bloggers for February 2004 Ryze  business networking: San Diego. I heard great things about the last Ryze San Diego networking event. Anyone care to get one of these going again?San Diego Ryze? Notes from the (Legal) Underground: Federal Judge Sways to Rhythm of Talking Heads... a judge uses Talking Heads lyrics extensively in a decision.Don't Worry About The Government I'm coming to appreciate Web Host Industry Review as part of my role as Evangelist for LAMP Host. And speaking of which, the redesign of lamphost.net is coming along nicely. Major overhaul and rewrite. drop me a line if you want to be notified when the redesign goes live.Web Hosting Resource; Redesign  SBook5 PorDiBle MorphX MacJournal  via MacWorld magazine, which I'm catching up with todayOS X Software I want to check out New Header here. Leah did this amazing thing today and painted the kitchen. Amazing to watch her work. I also am catching up on scads of stuff. It's going to be a good but busy week.Refit If yes, then you should know about an amazing concept where you can take classes at local universities called: Cross Enrollment. Because I have some units from UCLA Extension, I need to do this cautiously, but I could theoretically do this. It's pretty cool.Are you a California College Student? To get started with Java... which jdk to download? getting started (covers Environment Variables, etc) get jGrasp (a slim multi-platform Java editor) And I really really enjoy the essay How to Write Unmaintainable Code.Some Java Links for future reference The March Mingle put on my Macromedia and the San Diego Cold Fusion Users Group is so tomorrow. If you're a web nerd, you need to be there. I'll be in the house representin' LAMP Host. LAMP Host customers and others, feel free to come say hey!Tomorrow: March Mingle & LAMP Host My oral presentation from last Thursday for Spanish went well. And the program due today in Java went well as well. It was some Swing/Graphics programming. Relatively painless stuff, and I'm enjoying it so far. Things feel pretty good. I like these languages.Spanish and Java 2004-03-09 Legal News Watch (RSS) ... "Stories that impact your rights" ... based in Chula Vista. I like it a lot already!New Interesting San Diego Blogger Added Spalding Gray has been found dead. Terribly sad. A suicide. I devoured his work when I was a teenager. I first became aware of him with Swimming to Cambodia in 1987. This was also around the time I saw Talking Heads' Stop Making Sense, Eraserhead, and Laurie Anderson's Home of the Brave -- all at the indie theater The Ken. I count him as an influence. His honesty, style, and audacity were inspirational to me. In 1991 (it may have been 1990) I saw him live at Mill Mountain Theatre in Roanoke performing Monster in a Box -- this was before the movie was made of it. I found if profoundly moving. It was about his inability to complete a novel which talks about his own mother's suicide. It was, as all his work was, incisive, witty, and dark. It was somehow hopeful for me at a time when I was unsure what I would do with my life. It's difficult to not consider his art when considering his suicide. He spoke often about suicide, analysis, his own failings and faults. Though there was much he did not talk about. In some ways I consider his personal monologues in the same way I consider certain blogs. People reveal much, but they hide just as much, if not more. For how does one cram the complexities of years of life into bite sized snippets of a line or two, a paragraph, or even a novel? When I think of suicide, I think of my cousin Eddie. He was troubled, in trouble. He left behind a wife, children. So does Spalding. Suicide is something that has darted across my mind a few times in my life, when times have been terribly bad. The period of my separation and divorce stand out. Luckily, with analysis and counseling I was able to deal with the pain attendant to existing in a complex world. I am sad that some people are not so lucky. Hmm. I'm forgetting when it was, but I saw Spalding Gray a few years ago as well. He did a two night stand at The Escondido Arts Center and Jennifer and I went to that. Well, Jennifer and I went to the first night, but I could only get tickets for one for the next night. My memory on this is hazy though. I suppose the take-home message is that life is hard. And for some people, it's not possible to retain hope. But hope is the key. Hope for the future, hope for life, hope that things can get better. I am lucky to have hope. Onward. Spalding Gray, et cetera Glad to be back, Bill sez...  "Some of you may have been wondering where I've been the last several weeks. Well, I spent the better part of the last couple of months preparing to sit for the Project Management Institute's (PMI) Project Management Professional (PMP) exam. That combined with my regular workload left me precious little time to blog (or do much else). But the exam is over, I passed, and I'm back now."  Kudos Bill! And your voice (cranky, incisive, funny, sometimes offensive) has been missed! Rini's Back! Today Leah and I are working on a major revamp of the office, which was 100% chaos. Working in there has gotten harder, but on Friday we bought some used furniture at a cheap joint in South Park - and so far it's a major revamp. I'm taking an extended break right now, but will get back to it real soon now. It's a beautiful day. Not a day of rest, but a day that's refreshing. Onward.Office Revamp On this page: 5Cats.Org: Dr. T's Mathematics Pages -- my Statistics class, are scores for the test I took Friday. I got a 98 out of 100. Not bad, but clearly I missed out on some. And others in the class got some 100s. I'll do better next time. Oh, the codename is so the instructor can communicate the scores anonymously. But let's dispense with the anonymity for this class.Codename: "risk"Back in July of 2003, I wrote: "I watched some footage (abut 5 whole minutes) of a CG Appleseed movie that looked really cool. All action, mind you, but it looked great." -- this was from Comic-Con -- now there's a bit more, and it looks great -- Appleseed Trailer, from apple.co.jp. \n\n (quicktime japan site via the Ferreteer)More on Appleseed There's some quote about photography -- something real snarky and i don't recall it exactly -- something like:  "Sure, a photograph is reality -- as long as you don't mind the perspective of a cyclops with an attention span less than a second"  Anyone out there know more about this quote? Who said it and how it's phrased?Quote Half-Remembered Are you tired of me talking about San Diego Bloggers? Yes? Well, sorry. But, we're 5 days into March and we already have 5 new blogs! And check out the Feeds and GeoData and such.  2004-03-04 Oso's Blog (Atom)(RSS)(+) 2004-03-04 Wagner's Weblog (RSS) 2004-03-02 karenika 2004-03-01 Chronic Listaholic (Atom) 2004-03-01 The Moderate Voice (Atom)  Also, folks who link to san diego bloggers or who sport badges now have better placement, the top row of blogs (below the ads)  is all people who link. The lower area is for the rest. I think the SDB site is part of my fan/collector tendencies. But the neat thing is that I don't need any "real estate" to collect San Diego Blogs. More San Diego Bloggers Stuff The Insidious Culture of Non-Mandatory Overtime. Read it. And may I suggest: ITOvertime. Food for thought, kids.Sassy Weighs In I've added some geodata to the San Diego Bloggers listing, these are from the ICBM and geo.position meta tags as recommended by geourl.org.Geo Data for San Diego Bloggers One peril of having photos of me all over the site is that I occasionally get people thinking they have seen me. Here's an email I got tonight:  I'm sitting in Starbucks, and I think I'm looking at you. Or not? Let me know.  Sadly, it ain't so. I'm doing homework and work and freelance work tonight.Perils of Public PhotosLeah and I May hit this this weekend: S/he's Crafty Craft FairLeah and I A buddy of mine is tight with these folks... and it's an interesting concept: Greens for Kerry.Greens for Kerry? For no reason, Cox was just out for 30 minutes. That chaps my hide.Cox High Speed Internet: Out This Morning in... Bush is a fear president. I'm considering starting a links blog a la waxy, diveintomark, anil. Anyone else think this is a good idea?Historical Spain/USA/Roosevelt/Franco/Bush Observations The Theme Today:Games Started the day with a rousing game of racquetball with my Aunt and Uncle. This is a followup from Thursday, when I played doubles at my other Aunt's workplace. Very cool. After racquetball I went to the bank and gassed up the truck. The main thing we all did today was go to the Family Fun Center Boomers in Clairemont. The six of us played miniature golf, which was actually pretty fun. Competitive. The question of the day is this: at what point do you learn to enjoy the game, and not focus so much on the competitive aspects of "sports"! Competition is good, but hyper-self-criticism is not so hot. I'm glad I've gotten to a point where I can enjoy games like that. Anyway, we had fun, then the kids rode the go-carts. Then we moved on to the arcade for videogames galore. The older boys played DDR, while Leah's daughter and her youngest focused on the ticket-garnering games. Back when I was a kid, I used to love coming to this Family Fun Center. I guess ages 13 to 15 it was a big deal to go there and try to flirt with girls and play Battlezone and Centipede. Centipede is still there, well, actually it was there, as a combined Centipede/Millipede/Missle Command. The game I really liked today was Mr. Digger - a sort of Tetris / Dig-Dug-ish game. Very frantic, very puzzley, very fast, very fun. I'll be looking for that one again. Now we're back home and I'm watching A League of Their Own, another game-themed affair. And I just downloaded MacIago, a free Othello-ish game for OS X. I am worn out from all the activity. But it's a good kind of tired. And hey, onward. The Theme Today:Games So my friend Steve Kapali got married this month, and is now moving to Hawaii. (I went to his bachelor party which is kind of a fun story -- but not for here). Anyway, he and his now-wife Natty tricked out a van to take a cross-country several-months-long trek all around the country. It's actually linked from my sidebar, and I've mentioned it before -- steveandnatty.com. Anyway. The amazing van is now for sale. Give a little link love to The Hulk, currently for sale for any interested parties. And even if you're not interested in buying it, check it out. The pictures and the modifications to the van are amazing!Amazing Van --Steve and Natty's "THE HULK" For SaleThis past week and today the finishing touches were put on: Space Instruments' website-- FireMapper.com. The site design was done by Benecke Creative, and I did the underlying html, CSS and JavaScript. It's got some nifty stuff on it. I particularly am proud of some of the mouseovers in areas like the Oil Spill Mapper and the FireMapper. It's not terribly accessible code, but it does demonstrate nicely the features of their powerful sensing equipment. I did essentially no design work, other than advising Benecke Creative on what was feasible for mouseovers and navigational text.

Another cool thing, I've built the site using PHP, though you cannot really tell that based on the urls. With the powerful mod_rewrite capabilities in Apache (all on wonderful LAMP Host, of course), the site pivots through a few pages of PHP code, which gives me maximum flexibility to control the whole site in once place. Content files are placed in a subdirectory which the client can change using the most basic HTML possible. It's not a full-blown content management system, but it's simple, robust, and powerful.

There may be a few more changes to FireMapper in the near future, but they'll largely be evolutionary. This site is a radical redesign of what came before, and it's something to be proud of.

Tonight I was given a tour of some of the products showcased on the site, the GIS capabilities and sensing capabilities are remarkable. With the San Diego Fires still fresh in the memories of folks here, these products are relevant. The client indicated to me that their previous site had been inundated with traffic when the last fires hit, as people were searching for "San Diego Fires," so much so that they got a huge bandwidth bill. We at LAMP Host are working on solutions to let people know when their sites will be approaching such limits, and give people options in that kind of an instance.


Site Launch: FireMapper Not particularly a newsflash, admittedly CNN says:  "The gray-haired Byrne, 51 and NEWLY SINGLE, is caught in a frustrating career trap."  And the Sunday Herald says:  The feelings of alienation were exacerbated by his personal situation. He has been separated from his wife Adelle Lutz, with whom he has a teenage daughter, Malu, for about a year or so , although they are not yet divorced. His girlfriend, Louise Neri, is a well-known art curator. There were so many changes in where I was living, where my office was and all that sort of thing. It made me question, Who am I? What s my identity? Where do I fit in? Is this where I should live? This is not my beautiful house, you might imagine him thinking. This is not my beautiful wife.  And this part includes a devastating quotes about David from Brian Eno, Chris Frantz, and Tina Weymouth:  I spoke to Chris Frantz, the former drummer with Talking Heads, about the end of Byrne's marriage. "David is a person who immerses himself in his work no matter what," he told me. "I think his work is more important to him than anything else. He really cares about his artistic legacy, and unfortunately for everybody involved, his notion that this is the most important thing in his life gets in the way of his human relationships." Frantz said this without harshness, as if he were stating a plain fact. It is a sentiment echoed to varying degrees by other people I interviewed for this piece. Everyone agrees that Byrne is massively focused on his work, both his music and visual art. The word that keeps coming up is "control". When he is working, he feels in control, therefore it would make sense that he orient his life in the direction of his work, prolonging the feeling of being in control for as long as possible. Brian Eno, who produced three Talking Heads albums, co-wrote the seminal album My Life In The Bush Of Ghosts with Byrne, and is now writing with him again, agrees that work is more important to him than personal relationships. "I get the feeling that he's much more at home in the world of art than he is anywhere else," he says. "He's not only very at home, he's very sure of himself, very engaged, happy and thrilled by it. He's more comfortable there, perhaps, than he is elsewhere." The downside of this retreat into art, of course, is that it can be rough on the people in your life. Tina Weymouth, bass player in Talking Heads, claims that Byrne is "incapable of returning friendship" and emailed me to say that, "Cutting off attachments when a thing/person is perceived to have served its purpose or there is a perceived threat to ego is the lifelong pattern of his relations." Is he as cold as all that? He does seem to be slightly distant from his own emotions. According to Eno, "One of the aspects of David's character is that he likes taking pleasure in things that other people either haven't noticed or are slightly suspicious about." That's quite revealing, I think. Byrne doesn't just take pleasure, he enjoys taking pleasure; he is always one step away from the sensation itself. When I ask if he now feels more rooted than he did at the height of 9/11 fever and during his breakup with Lutz, he replies "Hmmm, maybe. Maybe. I suspect I do." He speculates about his own feelings as though they belonged to someone else.  I certainly hope I am not ever afflicted with this kind of distance from my own emotions. David Byrne Divorced, Focused More on Art Than People Apple gets juiced up:  "The Senate has also been attacked by computer worms and viruses recently, but those attacks have all targeted Microsoft Corp. Windows users, so Kennedy's Apple-based office has been unaffected. Panther has proved more stable than the previous version of the OS, called Jaguar, suffering none of the dreaded kernel panics that occasionally afflicted Jaguar, Pole said. 'We've had tremendous interest from federal, state and local governments because of the security of a Unix foundation,' said Ken Bereskin, director of Mac OS X product marketing. 'Every aspect of the OS has been enhanced, from the drivers to the kernel.' One feature of OS X 10.3 that could be particularly useful to federal customers is the FileVault 128-bit real-time encryption. Kennedy's office has not yet begun encrypting its files, but a recent incident in which Republican staffers accessed Democrats' files have prompted Pole to plan to do it soon. 'I'm not saying it is going to happen again, but it is what people do,' he said."  (via San Diego Blogger Primary Main Objective) Ted Kennedy's Office Loves Macintosh Thanks for the linkage of late, for my birthday and for otherwise:  Leah Peah Tony Pierce Janece Tom Bickle Joanna's Chefblog Jedimike  The week begins. I have a backlog of stuff to do. Wish me luck catching up. The birthday was a smashing success. Kudos to Leah for putting it together. Props-Thanks; A New Week BeginsI'm not kidding about National Corndog Day.

Today I'm 34. That's more than a third of 100. Does this make me "Third-Age" --- as in kinda like 50 is "Middle-Age?"

The agenda for today is: laundry and a birthday party. Oh, and I want to do my next Java assignment today.

I share my birthday with such luminaries as: B.F. Skinner, Fred "Mr. Rogers" Rogers, Henrik Ibsen, Jerry Reed, Hal Linden, Holly Hunter, Spike Lee, and Kathy Ireland.

More trivia at this New York Times Page.

What I'd like more than anything is for the whole world to have a good day. I wonder how much that makes me sound like a Miss America contestant?

Ladies and gentlemen... Onward!Today is: National Corndog Day, also my Birthday	no_pass	Originally uploaded by 	Chubbzilla.	Posted by artlung from	This made me laugh. I blame Mathowie for getting me to try flickr.All roads lead from Mathowie.Flickr Posting Today, the community/mailing list I founded in 1999, WebSanDiego, turns 5. Tomorrow, I turn 34. On IMDB, you can find movie celebrity births and deaths and marriages by day: 19 March, 20 March. Kinda cool. I don't have any sage thoughts on getting older or wiser or any of that. Perhaps tomorrow. Have a great weekend everyone!Birthdays  wordpress pMachine geeklog  (via web405) ... and all of which could be installed on LAMP HostThree PHP Blog Softwares The previous San Diego Ryze site I pointed out is not the *good* one. Anita C-W pointed out this: http://ryze-sandiego-network.ryze.com/. I joined.Ryze San Diego WebSanDiego.org T-Shirts on CafePressThe Few, The Proud, The Regional, The Geeky I've been tweaking the websandiego.org website -- still not happy with it, but it is much cleaner html -- in fact all the main pages are XHTML. I welcome comment on the content, particularly if people have ideas for making the site more explicable to strangers. Other fun widgets added: a favicon.ico file, geourl, more prominent xml/rss icon, a link to the wiki, and some other geegaws. Several reformats were done as well. And there are some photos now up from the March Mingle. To avoid the googlebots and any public embarassment from photos, they're staying captionless. So, enjoy... http://websandiego.org/happyhour/marchmingle/ Pardon some of the red-eye. Photos courtesy Leah.WebSanDiego.org Site Changes; March Mingle Photos Buddhist monks make and destroy a sand mandala. Here starts the week. Spring break. Here we go.Attach yourself not to material things Chronic Listaholic added a sidebar link. Welcome to the top level! :-)San Diego Blogger -- Update! San Diego Bloggers Added in March, 2004  2004-03-17 Minh T. Nguyen's Blog (RSS) 2004-03-14 Tom Log (RSS) 2004-03-09 Navy Lady (Atom)(+) 2004-03-09 Legal News Watch (RSS) 2004-03-04 Oso's Blog (Atom)(RSS)(+) 2004-03-04 Wagner's Weblog (RSS) 2004-03-02 karenika 2004-03-01 Chronic Listaholic (Atom) 2004-03-01 The Moderate Voice (Atom)  San Diego Bloggers Added in March, 2004...is the sound of events and projects whooshing by my head. Some things are getting done, mostly school things as it turns out. But lots of other things are getting dropped right now. I hope to pick up more as the week goes on. I'm sitting between classes here at City as I listen to music of Language Day -- the poster I made featuring the countries of the world that speak Spanish is pretty cool. A multitude of languages are represented.

On Sunday i saw Neal Stephenson speak "all too briefly" at the LA Times Festival of Books. Leah and I enjoyed it, despite it being hot. We also availed ourselves of the famous french dip sandwiches of Philippe's in downtown L.A. We had fun, and the drive home was not bad.

Saturday had been the adventure of Leah's daughter's fast-pitch softball game, and her boys' baseball games. Some nice plays, and it was pleasant to demystify Leah's ex- and her kid's stepmom. Probably I let work and school slide this weekend, but it ended up being worth it for the nice weekend. Leah took lots of pictures -- or at least a wide variety of pictures -- that may make it to her gallery or mine soon.

Now I'm a few minutes shy of class. Should wrap up soon.

From San Diego City College's cafeteria computers... o n w a r dWhoooooooooooooooooosh rudy sent me a comment about my MySQL post saying:  VARCHAR(200) is **not** very silly TEXT has performance issues of course, if you were planning on regularly inserting comments that exceed 200, then yeah, some kind of larger datatype would be required so in that light, VARCHAR(200) is a wee bit sillier than VARCHAR(255) ;o)  Thanks Rudy!SQL Comment from rudy.caWhen I was first playing with databases I was putting lots of stray stuff into mine. It was pretty fun, actually.


mysql&gt; select want_id, artist, title from music_wanted;
+---------+-----------------------+--------------------------------+
| want_id | artist                | title                          |
+---------+-----------------------+--------------------------------+
| 0001    | Anderson, Laurie      | Mr. Heartbreak                 |
| 0002    | Cocker, Joe           | Greatest Hits                  |
| 0003    | Costello, Elvis       | Armed Forces                   |
| 0004    | Cure                  | Mixed Up                       |
| 0005    | De La Soul            | 3 Feet High and Rising         |
| 1005    | Fishbone              | In Your Face                   |
| 0006    | Hendrix, Jimi         | Experiences                    |
| 0007    | Holliday, Billie      | The Billie Holiday Collection  |
| 0008    | Hooker, John Lee      | Best of John Lee Hooker        |
| 0009    | Jackson, Joe          | Body &amp; Soul                    |
| 0010    | Jackson, Joe          | Beat Crazy                     |
| 0011    | Marley, Bob           | Exodus                         |
| 0012    | Nine Inch Nails       | Broken                         |
| 0013    | Oingo Boingo          | 4 Song EP                      |
| 0014    | Pet Shop Boys         | Discography                    |
| 0015    | Red Hot Chili Peppers | One Hot Minute                 |
| 0016    | REM                   | Murmur                         |
| 0017    | REM                   | Chronic Town                   |
| 0018    | Soul Coughing         | Ruby Vroom                     |
| 0019    | Soundtrack            | Adventures of Baron Munchausen |
| 0020    | Soundtrack            | Stormy Weather                 |
| 0021    | Talking Heads         | Little Creatures               |
| 0022    | Talking Heads         | True Stories                   |
| 0023    | Waits, Tom            | Nighthawks at the Diner        |
| 0024    | Waters, Muddy         | I&#039;m Ready                      |
+---------+-----------------------+--------------------------------+
25 rows in set (0.00 sec)


Of course, I was a little naive about usable data structures, here's the design of that music_wanted table:


mysql&gt; describe music_wanted;
+---------+--------------+------+-----+---------+-------+
| Field   | Type         | Null | Key | Default | Extra |
+---------+--------------+------+-----+---------+-------+
| want_id | varchar(4)   |      | PRI |         |       |
| artist  | varchar(60)  | YES  |     | NULL    |       |
| title   | varchar(60)  |      |     |         |       |
| comment | varchar(200) | YES  |     | NULL    |       |
+---------+--------------+------+-----+---------+-------+
4 rows in set (0.00 sec)


Now, why I would use a VARCHAR of length 4, formatted like a number as a primary key? It just seems sort of silly now.

And the comment field is a 200 character string, rather than TEXT?

Very silly.

Also, I think I have a few more of those now, bought used. Some of those I still want to replace with CDs, but I'm in no hurry, really. I mean, it's been years.

Now, for little reminders to myself (like books to read or music to check out) I have this blog to keep records, so it's time to...

mysql&gt; drop table music_wanted; Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)

And poof! my little database table evaporates in a puff of logic.*

*Bonus points to you if you recognize that phraseMySQL ArchaeologySo today I picked up a friend from the airport. I got there a decent 20 minutes early. So I'm hanging out at San Diego International Airport (san.org is not a bad domain, by the way, "san" is the airport code for San Diego).

I'm standing in front of the arrival and departure screens, minding my business in my stylish red t-shirt and red sweater. My usual dapper self, yeah?

Anyway, It's getting to be about 10 minutes till the arrival of my friend, and I suddenly hear a loud whoosh off to my right.

It's the distinct whoosh of a tank of gas. I look over and see a man in a wheelchair, perhaps in his mid-60's, wearing a nasal cannula and fiddling with his oxygen. He's getting more upset by the second. There's an Airport Information person and a cop (Harbor Police?) trying to help, and the man's traveling companions -- about 8 more retirees -- were also flummoxed.

So here is the first opportunity in years to be useful in a Respiratory Therapy capacity. I walk over saying, "I'm a respiratory therapist, can I help?"

They all eye me with relief. I myself had serious doubts that I could actually be of any help. But the man with the oxygen shows me his O2 rig and it's a "travel-friendly"-rig. He tells me he does not feel any O2 flow, and the regulator is beeping. I take the rig, seal the tank with the O2 key. Remove the regulator and inspect it. Besides having electronic geegaws on it, it looks fine. I crack the tank to clear it. I check the gaskets on the regulator, I put it back on the tank tight. I crack the tank (about half full at 1100 psi, full tank being 2200psi) and start it. Still he feels no flow, and the thing beeps again. Of course the user interface is bad. I suggest calling his medical equipment people to find out how to reset it, but they're in Vancouver. He tells me this regulator is not his usual one, it's just for travel. I ask if he has his regulator, and he does (Score! I think to myself), but it's a unit with 2 outputs that needs a double cannula. The problem is he's wearing a standard nasal cannula. He's getting pretty upset. I and others say to try to relax, we'll figure this out. He finds his spare regulator and hands it to me. I tell him to look for one of his other kind of cannula. I take off the bad regulator, and put on the backup. Pressure is there, it's delivering flow. Eureka! He finds a spare cannula and I help him put it on fast, just as I've helped hundreds of people put on nasal cannulas before. He starts chilling out, and the Cop walks away after they declined to have the paramedics come to give a second opinion on the equipment. The Airport Info person is like "Right place at the right time eh?. The oxygen-man thanks me and several of his party thank me "mouthing 'Thanks' at me." I ask if he's going to get a replacement for the Cruise someone mentioned they were going on. He says they have it taken care of on the cruise. I sure hope so.

I sure hope that was the case. It's a pity about the travel regulator, it was pretty and modern, but nobody could figure out what was wrong with the regulator, and the interface was lame. I'm guessing the guys' equipment company didn't really teach him much about it. "What does it mean and what do I do if it beeps?" is clearly a question nobody gave him an answer to, and not having the answer deprived the guy of his supplemental O2 and peace of mind at a time when he was trying to relax.

The rule on equipment alarms is: make it clear what they mean.

Maybe I have a future in designing user interfaces for medical equipment. That would be cool.

And I guess I my skills as an RT came in handy.

I'm a little stunned that I said "I'm a respiratory therapist" out loud to someone and was not afraid to back it up. I usually shy away from offering assistance, as usually professional paramedics are just a few minutes away.Airport AdventuresWent to the South Bay Drive In with Leah to see Kill Bill Volume 2, which was violent but entertaining.

I have not been to a drive-in movie in a decade.

Racquetball Saturday was good.

Got back Leah's computer from my uncle, who got a new case, installed a new fan, and did some other optimization on it.

Trip to Fry's with Leah.

Sunday a trip to Escondido with Leah to see her friend, the Tattoo artist and recent mother. She's quite a character.

Laundry and groceries yesterday.

Some new neighbors had a *very* loud party Saturday night. We went next door to ask them about it. They moved the party inside. It was reasonable. My quote on this to them was "I don't *want* to call the cops, that's not my style."

They moved their outside party indoors instead. Still loud, but the bass was no longer shaking our circa-1892 house.

Went to Borders with Leah. Saw this book: Facts and Fallacies of Software Engineering, which was cogent, concise, funny, and is one of those kinds of books where you say to yourself "why didn't someone write this down sooner?"

Leah's site, by the way, is leahpeah.com. We talked this weekend and I will be further reworking my site, much of the content is from the point of view of a maudlin, separated and divorced guy. And while at times I am maudlin, and I'll always be a person with a divorce under his belt, my life is pretty happy and evolving. Leah and the truth we are able to share are a big part of what makes that possible. There's not enough of that on this site to this point. Expect that to change in time.

So here comes the week.

Onward, baby.Weekend WrapupHelping make Easter baskets which included saltwater taffy and Botan rice candy.

Bodysurfing the day before Easter in the cold waters of the Coronado strand.

Drinking Chai and checking RSS feeds at Influx.

Getting an 80 on my most recent Statistics test. Disappointment ensues, but I think my A is still secure.

Doing a presentation on "My ideal house" in my Spanish class.

Visiting my high school (Uni '87) to attend an alumni business mixer.

Dyeing Easter eggs in shifts with Leah and her kids.

Learning about life with Leah.

Getting interviewed by a freelance reporter for a possible piece on blogs for a local tabloid.

Visiting the local network facility Castle Access with another local hosting company. Great fun, that.

Lunch with an ex-boss and friend. Discovering the great bookstore next to the Pannikin La Jolla. Lox and Bagels were superb for lunch.

Accidentally calling my parents--and waking them--in the middle of the night with my cell phone in my pocket while driving.

Mass at St. Joseph's on Easter with Leah and the kids.

Making some sales for LAMP Host. Learning it's hard work to do sales.

Building the Semidaily Links content management app in an hour.

Learning more about my limitations.

Learning to work with them.

Learning again to ask for help when I need it.

Growing, evolving, learning.

Onward, I say.Snippets from the last two weeks Some friends of ours have a dog named Sparky. A wonderful mutt who is always getting into trouble. The following is what happens when a dog swallows a fishhook:  Sparky is fine. But there was a &gt;$1000 vet bill to endoscope that hook out. Wow.Sparky's Hook reposted from websandiego  Greetings WebSanDiegans (and others!): LAMP Host, provider of great developer-friendly web hosting, has set up mirrors of several prominent pieces of open source software. As ourbusiness relies on open source, we believe strongly in supporting developers, and these mirrors are a great way to support the developer community here in San Diego and the larger Southern California area. Apache Source downloads for httpd and other Apache software projects, and the Apache 2.0 manual. Entry Point: http://apache.lamphost.net/ Source Code: http://apache.lamphost.net/dist/ 2.0 Manual: http://apache.lamphost.net/manual/ MySQL Full site and source: http://mysql.lamphost.net/ PHP Full site and source: http://php.lamphost.net/ CPAN Libraries (Comprehensive Perl Archive Network) Full site and source: http://cpan.lamphost.net/ If anyone has any questions, feel free to contact me.  Feel free to repost this widely.LAMP Host Provides Mirrors of Apache, MySQL, PHP, CPAN Libraries The Ledger: A Law & Order Blog... this post is more or less for Sassy, who had a birthday last Friday.Law & Order Blog Today I launch ArtLung Semidaily Links - which you can also see in the right hand side of this blog. It's a place for me to put miscellaneous stuff. I hope you find it useful and fun!Launching Today There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another. --Frank ZappaQuote of the Day Finally caught up (and even un poquito de credito extea) with my tedious Spanish Workbook homework. That was nice. This semester is almost over and it looks like I'll have survived.La Tarea de Espaol]list 10  REM  ***********************
15  PRINT "Apple ]["
20  PRINT "Programming by Joe"
25  REM
30  REM  Begin the loop
35  REM 40  FOR X = 1 TO 100 by 3
43  PRINT (X * X)" is the square of "X"."
45  PRINT  SQR (X)" is the squar e root of "X"."
50  PRINT
60  NEXT
65  REM
70  REM  End the loop
75  REM
80  REM  ***********************
90  REM  Kicking it old school
100  REM  28 March 2004
110  REM  by Joe Crawford
120  REM  http://lab.artlung.com ]

Check Virtual ][ for an Apple II Emulator. It's like a trip in a wayback machine.Apple ][ Emulator Thing  2004-04-26 both hands 2004-04-26 Frinklin Speaks (RSS) 2004-04-19 HillQuest Blog 2004-04-13 Krassy Can Blog It (Atom) 2004-04-08 Ad Blog 2004-04-07 I'm Just Digital (Atom)(RSS)(+) 2004-04-06 lachan clapisada 2004-04-05 Cameron Childress (RSS)  Go now.San Diego Bloggers Added in April, 2004  The secret to college is to pass. * There are no fractional grades in UC schools, so 92 = 99 * most upper div classes offer little / no extra credit * C's get degrees, but an A+++++ is still just an A Take it from a man who has spent many a year in a lower div JC class - do the work, get an easy A, don't kill yourself - save your energy for the uppper div, you'll need it.  You know, he's a college graduate.Sassy Weighs In On My College Mishagosh  System Information  Apple Menu &gt; About This Mac &gt; More Info (Macintosh Hard Drive) &gt; File &gt; Get Info Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences   Network Connections  Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Network   Internet Properties  Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Built-in Ethernet &gt; TCP/IP   Map Network Drive  Go &gt; Connect to Server Finder &gt; Network &gt; Servers   &quot;Classic View&quot;  Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Classic &gt; Start Classic (wait some amount of time, OS 9 will then boot)   Administrative Tools  Applications &gt; Utilties Local Users  Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Accounts   Shared  Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Sharing   Device Manager  (maybe) Applications &gt; Utilties &gt; System Profiler   Event Viewer  Terminal &gt; cd /Library/Logs Applications &gt; Utitlities &gt; Activity Monitor   System Info  (see System Information, above)   Performance Logs and Alerts  Terminal &gt; cd /Library/Logs     Storage  Applications &gt; Utilities &gt; Disk Utility   Services &amp; Applications  Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Sharing &gt; Personal Web Sharing (which is really apache and can be controlled as apache is) Running Services  Applications &gt; Utitlities &gt; Activity Monitor     Licensing  N/A   Performance  Applications &gt; Utitlities &gt; Activity Monitor   Routing &amp; Remote Access  Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Sharing &gt; Remote Login Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Sharing &gt; Apple Remote Desktop Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Sharing &gt; FTP Access Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Sharing &gt; Windows Sharing Apple Menu &gt; System Preferences &gt; Sharing &gt; Personal File Sharing   Network Monitor  Applications &gt; Utilities &gt; Network Utility   Some OS X Paths to Tools (originally developed to help out my uncle)  was very very good to Leah and me Sunday and today. We both got sunburned on our forearms and legs on Saturday while watching the kids' baseball games. Aloe is good. Sunburn  Blogger: User Profile: artlung  - I fed it March 20th, and it's calling me an Aries. True, I'm on the last day of Pisces, but dude, that's a bug.Blogger says I'm an Aries Last week was busy and rough. I've been quiet and busy, and successful and unsuccessful. I spent my entire Saturday the Saturday before last working on a take-home test for my Statistics Class. On Dr T's Math Pages you can see the results. I got a 92 for my efforts. I'd have preferred a 100, of course, but the fact that the lowest test grade is dropped helps me there. Being that there were only 3 tests (the final will come in a few weeks), that's not a lot. But part of me is vexed that I can't say I'm "top kid" as Edward James-Olmos calls one of his students in "Stand and Deliver." Still, an A is an A, and I should be content with a performance that's going to be positive. On another note, last week brought me a zero for a major project in my Java class. I overextended myself to go over and above what was required of an assignment creating a Swing GUI and discovered bugs in Swing that prevented the UI from working properly. This ended up bogging me down in getting the interface right, and I was unable to deliver. Thus, zero. That said, I've done so many extra-credit "stars" in this class that the underperformance still leaves me sitting with a 98-100 average. But it depressed the hell out of me last week. I had a hard time reconciling myself to this mistake. I am struggling to recognize that a mistake I make is not me. In my mind, a mistake = me. When I get a zero, I AM A ZERO. This thinking is not rational, though it has spurred me to excel in many areas. But from a mental health point of view, I can't see that it's terrible constructive. Finding that balance -- between trying to be a high achiever, and being an emotionally well-balanced person -- is something I'm looking at more. Frankly, dealing with this has been percolating in my head to such an extent that I have neglected this site and many other responsibilities. The past several months is teaching me a great deal about how to be. It's real work. But I think the perspecting I'm gaining are building a foundation for myself. In some sense I feel like the end of my marriage was the beginning of Joe Crawford 2.0. Or maybe 4.0. Probably the defining events for me in my life were these:  Joe Crawford 1.0: Being Born Joe Crawford 1.5: Skipped a grade from Kindergarden to First Grade Joe Crawford 2.0: Experiences in the Phillippines Joe Crawford 3.0: April 1, 1988 Details redacted Joe Crawford 3.5: Becoming a Respiratory Therapist and being good at it Joe Crawford 3.9: Moving to Los Angeles Joe Crawford 4.0: Marriage dissolves; All that came before is broken down and will be rebuilt with truth and love  4.0 has been ongoing for two years now. It's funny, I didn't even remember that it was two years ago that Jennifer left and I was forced to confront my own life. Forced to do this painful uncomfortable thing and ask questions of myself: "who am i?" -- and be prepared to answer that question, with truth about the good and bad and neutral things that make me me. And about facing the truths that are uncomfortable -- I continue to seek the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. Thanks for reading and listening to me today. GradesBlogger has redesigned. Does this work?Hola Mundo: Posting By Email Friday night, Leah's kids arrived for the weekend. In good spirits, nearly done with their semester at school. We went to Mr. Frostie in PB for ice cream. It was lovely. On Saturday: Teaching racquetball to two of L's kids: they did okay for kids aged 13 and 11. My Aunt was stuck in L.A. the night before and was unable to attend. Rather perfect timing. Attending Super-Size Me with Leah and Kids at Landmark's Hillcrest. SSM ranks among the best documentaries I've seen in the modern era. Crumb, Hoop Dreams, Roger &amp; Me, Rivers &amp; Tides are some I count in that number. Super-Size me has the distinction of causing McDonald's to actually remove some of their menu items. It's an eye-opening movie. I love McDonald's official response to the movie. After that we ate at JBX -- Jack in the Box's "concept store" -- I couldn't eat after having seen SSM. I nibbled at the little tomatoes that came on Leah's salad. Shopping for some appropriate church-style shirts for the boys. Randomly saw a guy whose name I don't know from my Statistics class. He was proud of his "A" - and I am satisfied with my "B." On Sunday: Unsuccessful attempt to attend Sacrament meeting at a local LDS Stake Center. Entirely wonderful and spiritually uplifting attendance at the Catholic Church around the block from us. Very impressive church. Energetic, community, and alive. We are sure to return there, but their only mass in English is 9am Sunday. Still, a winner. Then: Great breakfast - eggs, potatoes, toast, and good humor. Everyone contributed. La Jolla Shores: Maddening parking and traffic situation did not lessen a wonderful swim out to a 1/8th mile bouy and some tasty bodysurfing by yours truly. Also, walked perhaps half-a mile to take care of the parking situation. My walking practice these past years came in handy. On Monday: An abbreviated Kobey's Swap Meet. No purchases made. What's the deal with the San Diego Sports Arena allowing them to take up more land from the parking lot with a Chili's, a gas station, and the already-there Krispy Kreme? Was it not painful enough to park for Sports Arena events already? The SA is famous (here in San Diego) for its hideous acoustics. Memorial Day barbecue at my Aunt &amp; Uncle's in Santee. Ping pong, etc. Family is a blessing. A long drive home for Leah &amp the kids. And an even longer drive for Leah to return. Now, puttering around the house as I await Leah's return. The Great Escape plays on TCM as I blog. Scenes from Memorial Day Weekend Statistics Final done today -- and thanks to the magic of the internet I have my final grade -- I did poorer on the final than I felt like I did -- sadly I'll never know what the results were -- but my final grade in Statistics is a B. Also done is my Java class, which I excelled in -- I got an A in that for certain. I also made some new friends. The wildcard is Spanish -- no idea when the professor will have graded the finals and all the rest of it for that class. I'll probably have to wait for those grades in the mail. 12 units of school is really a full time job. I hadn't appreciated that. I was so lucky when I did my associate degree to not have to work. I still have much to learn, and I'm not talking about academia here. I have much to learn about my thoughts of myself, time management, and realistic expectations. I'm on track for progressing to my Bachelor's and Master's -- and learning about myself too. Leah has been wonderfully supportive of me through this all. I can only wish I am as supportive of her. Okay, so that was a burp of some personal stuff after a long absence from blogging here. It's time to catch up with everything I've let slide. Onward. Finals Over I'm inaccessible. Two finals today. One tomorrow. And here in Professor Forman's Java class he's discoursing on what he calls: The Zen of Knowing 4. You don't know you know 3. You know you know 2. You know you don't know 1. You don't know you don't know Spanish later, and Statistics tomorrow.Finals This Week I've been having a bit of a rough time lately. I have some habits in my interpersonal relationships that are not very good. I have some passive-aggressive tendencies that take real skill to work on. I also have a tendency to self-criticism that verges on the toxic. I'm working this out in therapy, which I'm in again after a long (many months) absence. I also have a cold right now -- nasal drip and backache. Ugh. Lessee. What else. Working on San Diego Blog has been a blast. If I could, I'd make that my fulltime job. The other day I was offered $75 to put an ad on artlung.com for six months. I almost did it. There's revenue in them thar hills. But linking for the sake of garnering pagerank is nothing I want to get involved in. And Artlung.com is not for ads to other sites. That's what I'm doing with my other sites, or at least trying to to. Care to advertise on San Diego Blog? Contact me. Leah is well, looking for work. Interviewing like a madwoman. We have her kids this week; that should be fun. I'm appreciating lately that I'm cultivating some parenting skills. I have a ways to go. Hmm. It feels like I've written that before. Strangely, nobody has inquired about my comics except my ex-wife. I really would like to sell the things. It's Saturday night. Today hung out in Simi Valley with Leah and the kids. Strange to be so close to the Reagan stuff -- the 118 freeway is even called "Ronald Reagan Freeway." Am I even making any sense? I think I should probably get to bed. Hit the hay. Oh, I'm reading Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom right now. It's pretty good. And that, dear reader, is all the news that fits for tonight. I hope to write with a more chipper air when this cold is through. But for now, yellow-tinged mucous! Onward y'all.Onward. Truth is messy, it's paradoxical. Reagan was a great leader, he didn't pay attention, he was all flash, he made bold proclamations, he cheated on his wife, he made for great television, he reached out to Gorbachev, he financed Islamists, he brought us out of malaise, he raised taxes, he was against big government, he promoted the untenable and impossible Star Wars, he won reelection, he liked jellybeans, he fell asleep at cabinet meetings, he joked about bombing Russia, by all accounts he was a genial man. Let's quote a song featuring Reagan that they don't play on the 80s hits stations. The Beatnig's "Television"... TELEVISION One nation, under one God has turned into one nation under the influence of one drug. Television And one man who is the master of this medium, our president, Ronald Reagan Television, the drug of the nation, breeding ignorance, feeding radiation TV! Is the reason why less than ten percent of our nation reads books daily Why most people think Central America means Kansas, Communism means unamerican, and apartheid is a new headache remedy. Where the Cosby show is watched by rich whites and Dynasty is watched by everybody TV! Is the stomping ground for political candidates, where bears in the woods are chased by Grecian formula'd bald eagles. Where all you need to do to get elected is make monkey movies (Just ask Clint and Ronnle) and where straight teeth in your mouth are more important than the words that come out of it, TV! Is the place where self-cancelling phrases like Pop-Art Fresh-Frozen, and Military-intelligence have become standard. TV! Is the place where words are redefined like "Contra" to "Freedom Fighter", and Sandinista to Repressive Regime, TV! Is where the pursuit of happiness has become the pursuit of trivia where toothpaste and cars have becomc sex objects and where Sesame Street is more real than Hill Street! Have a great weekend y'all! Reagan / Television /   "The statesmen will invent cheap lies, putting the blame upon the nation that is attacked, and every man will be glad of those conscience-soothing falsities, and will diligently study them, and refuse to examine any refutations of them; and thus he will by and by convince himself that the war is just, and will thank God for the better sleep he enjoys after this process of grotesque self-deception."  from The Mysterious Stranger by Mark TwainQuote of the Moment See: contrariwise  From a contrasting point of view. In the opposite way or reverse order. In a perverse manner.  source: dictionary.reference.comWord of the day: contrariwise Q: How did you learn all about web design? A: I set out to work in the movie business, but I missed and hit the web. (unrelated: this is the 1776th post on artlung blog)Question of the Day Local Blog Jamboree is a roundup of some local bloggers and what they're talking about. Entertaining stuff. You may also notice that San Diego Blog is getting an extreme makeover, still in progress. What's changed? Well, we have added upcoming.org events, San Diego Bloggers badge wearers, and other local blog directories. Atom support, RSS support, an RSS feed for comments, links for adding SDB to my yahoo, kinja, and bloglines. And oh yeah, the whole blog has been upgraded from b2 to wordpress. And have I mentioned how proud I am of the San Diego Bloggers Map? Well, I am.Locals Only I'm listening to James Taylor's song Fire And Rain and I'm kind of liking it. I'm usually not a fan. Jackson Browne and James Taylor are just too earnest for their own good. You may not realize that there are myths about this song, debunked by Snopes.Not like me For 2004 city college language day I made a poster, and now I've finally gotten around to putting it online.Poster from a few weeks ago  A rough PHP and MySQL and CSS toy: San Diego Bloggers, PlottedSan Diego Blogger Map New paper letter I received...  May 24, 2004 Dear JOSEPH, Congratulations on completing a successful semester at City College! Professor FORMAN has recognized your outstanding academic performance and has recommended you for the Honors Program at City College. While there are a number of honors classes to choose from each semester, and the additional option to create an honors contract with individual professors for classes not currently classified as "honors," participating in the Honors General Education Core Curriculum is an exciting and very practical option for the serious student, especially for those intending to transfer as juniors to a four year university. The Honors Program offers special benefits for talented and motivated students like you. It provides an efficient way to complete several courses required by the university that you select for transfer. (Universities just love that "Honors" designation on your transcript!) Also, the core motif, "A World of Ideas," transforms the usual jumbled, unconnected GE experience into a coherent and personally meaningful set of courses that you will always treasure no matter what your ultimate major. Although Honors courses are more rigorous and innovative in their approach, and require more critical thinking, writing and independent research they provide indispensable skills for you as a serious transfer student. Perhaps the most important reason for completing the Honors GE Core Curriculum is the possibility of earning priority admissions consideration at a number of prestigious universities, including UCLA, UC Santa Cruz, UC Riverside, UC Irvine, Pomona College, and Chapman University. City has also negotiated transfer concessions with UC Berkeley and UC Davis to complement its Transfer Agreement Guarantee (TAG) with UCSD. Intrigued? Want to know more? Please call &lt;REDACTED&gt; and we will be happy to explain the program to you and help you weigh your options for enrollment and transfer preparation. In the meantime, congratulations on your fine performance at City College! Sincerely, &lt;REDACTED&gt; City College Honors Coordinators  Note there's no priority admission possibility from UCSD, my school of choice. I want to talk to more Honorsfolken in the Fall to see how worthwhile more work would be for me.Honors ProForm: FAQ is a great example of why the internet is so great. Thanks to my big 'ol truck and $50. Leah bought a new treadmill from a lady up in Temecula last week. She's firing it up now, and was able to adjust it thanks to that FAQ. Not a bad purchase for $50. It's plenty old, but it looks useful. Now to try it out.Internet utility: Owner's Manuals and FAQs The latest Header for ArtLung.com.And have I mentioned ...and I could not figure out the name of the source.  "Setting all the captives free." ...is the line. The great thing about the world today is that a simple google search finds it. I remember it from church growing up. At mass on Sunday I could not find it in the hymm book. But google takes care of business. Peace is flowing like a river  Love is flowing like a river Flowing out through you and me-- Spreading out into the de-sert Setting all the captives free Setting all the captives free Line stuck in my head for the past week   Subject/Course Title Units Earned Grade College   Spring 2004   SPAN 101 FIRST COURSE IN SPANISH   5.00  B  City   MATH 119 ELEMENTARY STATISTICS   3.00  B  City   CISC 190 JAVA PROGRAMMING   4.00  A  City   These grades are transferrable. I'm happy about that. See also: GradesThe grades are in I am putting years and years of My Comics for Sale. Check them out, purchase away!Comics for Sale  2004-05-29 Avenge The Fold...2004-05-27 Denounce (RSS)2004-05-24 Brandi Babe - The Diary (RSS)2004-05-23 Banana Tree House (Atom)(+)2004-05-21 Binary Wolf (Atom)(RSS)(+)2004-05-21 this is it (Atom)(RSS)(+)2004-05-20 San Diego Macromedia Users Group (Atom)2004-05-18 brothers.styn.net (RSS)2004-05-18 Urban Amy (Atom)(RSS)(+)2004-05-18 Merge Events2004-05-17 incitrio2004-05-15 damon rouse dot blog (RSS)(+)2004-05-15 vmoney (Atom)(RSS)2004-05-12 Hilltop High School Athletics2004-05-12 Hilltop High School / Chula Vista (RSS)2004-05-12 The Blog of Andrew Kennerly2004-05-07 buddha stew (Atom)2004-05-07 Cameron Stotz (Atom)(RSS)2004-05-05 compooter (Atom)(RSS)  see: San Diego BloggersSan Diego Bloggers added May 2004 Grades for Spring 2004 will be available on 6/7/2004 Good to know.City College says... possibility.word of the day "RHINO OFFERS HEADS ON PLATTERS THE NAME OF THIS BAND IS TALKING HEADS And BEST OF TALKING HEADS Available August 17 LOS ANGELES - Rhino Records is pleased to offer two kinds of overviews of the career of one of the best-loved bands of the 1980s with the release of THE NAME OF THIS BAND IS TALKING HEADS and THE BEST OF TALKING HEADS on August 17. Both packages, assembled with the members' full involvement, are firsts for the band--THE NAME OF THIS BAND IS TALKING HEADS has never been available on CD before and THE BEST OF TALKING HEADS is the first single-disc collection of the band's most popular songs. THE NAME OF THIS BAND IS TALKING HEADS offers an unusual take on the concert album--rather than a "souvenir of a single night's show," it captures the band's live evolution from 1977 to 1981. Originally released in 1982 as a double album, fans have waited nearly two decades for the CD release of THE NAME OF THIS BAND IS TALKING HEADS. This two-disc version doubles the original's contents by offering 13 previously unreleased tracks and a trio of rarities from a 1979 promotional only disc ("The Girls Want To Be With The Girls," an early version of "Drugs" called "Electricity," and "Found A Job"). In its expanded version, THE NAME OF THIS BAND provides a comprehensive portrait of Talking Heads as a live band, since it now includes a substantial number of songs from each of the band's first four studio albums. THE BEST OF TALKING HEADS collects 18 of the group's most popular songs on a single disc for the first time ever. Compiled by the band, THE BEST OF TALKING HEADS includes all the favorites ("Psycho Killer," "Once In A Lifetime," "Burning Down The House," "And She Was), as well as some unexpected selections like "Heaven" and "Memories Can't Wait." This collection provides new listeners with a perfect introduction to this ground-breaking band's work. David Byrne, Chris Frantz, and Tina Weymouth formed Talking Heads (note: no "The") after meeting at Rhode Island School Of Design in the early 1970s. Jerry Harrison, formerly of The Modern Lovers, joined in 1976 and Talking Heads quickly became one of the most important bands to emerge from the New York punk scene. Over the course of their 11-year recording career they released ten albums (including five gold records, one platinum, and two double-platinum), earned critical raves, and racked up more than a few hits. via talking-heads.net, one of the best fansites on the web 'The Name of This Band is Talking Heads' will finally be released on CD tony p style 2 weeks ago i made enchiladas for leah and the kids which was fun got an amazing gift the other week from my folks for which i thank them my little sister turned 27 last week yowza leah may be moving north far i am considering my options and was angsty about it clarity comes with knowing and having faith leah and have been double barrelling the religion on sundays mass and sacrament meeting today it was about change and sticking to the plow even when things are hard today it was about listening to the spirit today i had bagels and lox at dz akins and leah had pancakes we got a black and white cookie for later we have fun together we talk together we drive around in a truck together i don't always have a white shirt for sacrament meeting i am bouyed up by the feeling of being part of a faith its a surprise to me i know people in los angeles i know people all around the movie running on empty can make me cry quite a bit black and white cookies and tomato sandwiches are good when leah and i are angsty the cat is angsty when leah and i are serene the cat is mellow the cat is sort of a temperature gauge we saw napoleon dynamite tonight no not the cat but leah and i and two good friends too it had a kanab cowboys tshirt in it the movie was funny in a dopey way i moved around as a kid i am an interesting person last week leah and i almost saw bourne supremacy sneak preview not all the effects were done but leah couldnt hang with the rudeness and tension of a sneak preview screening but it worked out cause good friends were there too and matt came with me, and leah hung with margot things work out that way for leah and me and our friends the midway aircraft carrier is in town and is a big museum my grandfather served on carriers and has no desire whatsoever to go on a carrier there may be no nostalgia in him meanwhile i was thinking how cool it would be to see the school i attended in gretna louisiana when i was running on empty leah and i had the kids for a week that was wild and cool i went on the giant dipper coaster with the kids well 3 out of 4 my legs are still big but i fit and i loved it that belmont park is looking a little sad but its still fun to ride the coaster the coaster of life as they have it in that steve martin movie parenthood the ride is fun and unexpected and its important to try and enjoy it and be sad when its sad and be happy when its happy because thats the way of things sometimes we resist change so much we cant even see that change is inevitable and when you have skills to move anywhere family is a state of mind i am bouyed up by my family i am bouyed up by my partner its scary as all get out this life thing its unpredictable and wonderful and full of laughter and tears and i am living authentically and cease expecting and all things are possible i am happy and i try to enjoy every sandwich onward hmm is there more? uh oh, that was punctuation there it was again. avast! i thought bourne supremacy was good i am glad of my decision to go back to school i am selling books on amazon i am less attached to material things than i used to be i feel as though my self is being refined i am seeing myself tested and tempered into an improving version of myself sometimes in the changing new rough edges are revealed but the process of tempering continues i enjoy this process this process pains me this process is necessary no pain no gain did i just type that? when i was in school 12 years ago i argued that learning was possible without pain i was convinced but now i know that all learning that is valuable comes with some pain pain of embarrassment or physical pain or longing or lonliness or loss but learning comes and the lifes in the learning i think definitely i love to learn i learn to love okay ready? onwardno punctuation update stream of consciousness Hoo boy. San Diego Blog has had a whole lotsa work on it done recently. I'm blogging up a storm over there. Some posts:  Snopes Covers San Diego SanDog: For Surfers in San Diego Fahrenheit Final Word La Migra Sweeping Up Civil Liberties Again? So long, and thanks for all the mines DUI Hat Trick in Pacific Beach Neil Morgan finds a home at KPBS  are a few. The site was upgraded to WordPress a few weeks ago. And the design has been significantly upgraded. The new logo is actually a remembrance of the old "Citizen's Western Bank" logo. I worked there when I was in my teens. My Mom did too. (How do you think I got the job?) I can't find much in the way of references to the logo, and I'm not sure who holds the copyright to it, but it's a great graphic - with concentric lines of sun, and outlines of sailboats. It's iconic. I like it. I've agonized about the sidebar for a while - working and reworking it with different looks and feels. Watermark, no watermark. Grey, blue, purple. I think I'm done futzing with it. I'm also working on an Ad rotation system for selling ads on the site. Interested in advertising? Contact me. So, that's coming soon. I've also added a badge to the site to track hits with SiteMeter. The stats are not bad so far. Average visitors: 160 per day. Average page views: 306. In the header to the site, you'll note the word "daily" - how do I maintain that? Well, with WordPress, I can post in advance. As a matter of fact I have posts queued up for the weekend and Monday. It's kind of cool to keep to a schedule. And the bonus is there are other authors who post when it suits their fancy. Yeah, I've not posted on a personal basis in a while. Stay tuned, thanks! And, onward! San Diego Blog Yesterday I moved ask leahpeah from b2 to WordPress. I'm really loving that software. And yes, she's hosted on LAMP Host.Another b2 to WordPress Migration Long day, good day. Too tired to blog. Good night!Tiredhttp://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-66009.mp3AudioBlog Happy Father's Day San Diego Blog: San Diego indy weekly Fahrenheit RIPFahrenheit out of businesshttp://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-65123.mp3AudioBlog Several of my classmakes from Respiratory Therapy school worked at Rocky Mount's hospital - Franklin Memorial. A bear walked through wednesday... Scare highlights growing problem. I had no idea they even had bears in that part of Virginia (Southwestern Virginia -- near Roanoke). Bear at Franklin Memorial!Metafilter Network | artlung's contacts. Sadly, I don't know that many people on MeFi. Or do I?Neat New Tool on Metafilter So today was a big quake. I live outside downtown, and this circa 1892 house shook pretty violently. I was surprised that nothing fell down - no pictures or books fell, and Leah and I have plenty of both on shelves and on the walls. It was fun watching the news roll out. NPR had very little coverage, and the best news was provided to me via RSS and Atom feeds of the various bloggers on San Diego Bloggers -- also some pals of mine on AIM were very useful - tossing around links. Also got news via web405 and websandiego -- both are really mailing lists (aka 'listservs') ostensibly about web development -- but when there's a quake or a disaster -- that's the topic du jour. There's very little rationale for regional blogging, really. I mean, my whole interest in the internet is the ability to collapse space so that a person across the world and I can talk like we're in the next room. But when something is happening in a particular region, you really want to hear from people who are in the thick of it. I certainly learned that when the fires hit last year and I talked about regionalism in blogs. Since the blog has recently upgraded from b2 to wordpress, I was also able to use trackback to communcate with some of the blogs via san diego blog. Lasting impact, zero. But it did give me an excuse to post to San Diego Blog. And it was neat to get instant man-in-the-street takes on it from all over San Diego.Quaking in my boots San Diego Earthquake!, featuring instant coverage from numerous San Diego Bloggers.Shake like a polaroid picture (My friend Erin put together this listing, I just made it into HTML) Alright ... off the cuff ... in no particular order ...   Stalag 17   Star Wars &lt;Trilogy&gt;*   Lawrence of Arabia *   Blade Runner *   Treasure of Sierra Madre   Citizen Kane   Pulp Fiction   Jaws   Close Encounters of the Third Kind   Taxi Driver   I'm sure these change day to day for me. Permanent parts of the group are given an asterisk (*)My 10 Favorite Movies, circa 1997 Minor changes to lab.artlung.com have been made. Still somewhat chaotic, but less so. Also, my Gallery script had been dead, but was rescued with help from http://www.archive.org/web/web.php. Still feeling a bit snotty and sick. Backachey in particular. More mundanities later.Lab Upgrades Coughing less, mucous no longer yellow. Feeling better!Less Sick I just realized, after liking the song for a decade, that the lovely song L.A. County by Lyle Lovett is about a guy driving to L.A. to murder his ex -- on her wedding day. Shades of Kill Bill, I think.Whoa! A new header, me in a cowboy hat, making some sort of funny face. I like that it makes me look like a smart alec.New Header, Cowboy Joe  Joe crawford is a freelance web developer and designer who lives in San Diego. Joe crawford is a forcefully OS-agnostic web developer and designer. Joe crawford is mellowing. Joe crawford is down to Michigan. Joe crawford is visiting Cincinnati Oct. Joe crawford is a Web developer. Joe crawford is 18th. Joe crawford is like Keith Bogans... "Very similar - in his ability level to defend. Joe crawford is running for Congress. Joe crawford is hurt again. Joe crawford is a Detroit kid who originally committed to Michigan. Joe crawford is an experienced teacher. Joe crawford is a respiratory-therapist-turned-web-journeyman in San Diego. Joe crawford is reported to make a decision on Monday between Kentucky and Michigan. Joe crawford is a confirmed bachelor. Joe crawford is going to Kentucky. Joe crawford is a Shire resident and started his Real Estate career at Bundeena initally in Sales. Joe crawford is an explosive. Joe crawford is a web designer and developer. Joe crawford is a web designer and developer. Joe crawford is expected to return as the pitching coach and Terry McGriff is expected to be back as bench coach. Joe crawford is the man behind San Diego Bloggers. Joe crawford is still down to Michigan and Kentucky. Joe crawford is regarded as one. Joe crawford is another exceptional player. Joe crawford is assistant vice-president of engineering at Digex Inc. Joe crawford is a roleplayer of scant talent but prodigious output. Joe crawford is still very much alive and looking forward to his retirement in June of this year. Joe crawford is a great example. Joe crawford is taking his time with the recruiting process the second time around. Joe crawford is not currently listed on any rankings by Rivals100. Joe crawford is way past his adolescent years. Joe crawford is still punching the time clock. Joe crawford is in receipt of a birthday card weighing one pound. Joe crawford is the "new face of evil" in the Exorcist prequel right. Joe crawford is GONNA BE OUR FIRST EVER JOE ON THE UK BASKETBAW TEAM. Joe crawford is a Cat.  see: What is... online tool.Joe crawford is... This is worth a read: The rules of thumb  Don't know what you don't know. Get to a known state and stay there. Remember the triangle. Don't go dark. Use zero defect (ZD) milestones. Beware of a guy in a room. Never trade a bad date for an equally bad date When slipping, don't fall. Low tech is good. Design time at design time. If you build it, it will ship. Portability is for canoes. Enrapture the customers. Remember one thing: Unity. State your theme. Vary it. Balance it. Evolve it. Your product should be a hierarchy. Establish a shared vision. Get the team into ship mode. 21 Rules of Thumb: How Microsoft develops its SoftwareSo I have been blogging for some time now.  And yet I have not blogged in some time now.  Leah points out that in writing over here, I'm writing much less here.  And that's definitely true.  So what's new?  It might be easier to ask -- what is *not* new. What's new is yes, I have been blogging up a storm on San Diego Blog. I really enjoy the discipline of having to get posts ready for each and every day. I set a post time of about 5am every day - and there's something up. I really enjoy it. I have even had a teeny tiny less-than-one-could-live-on amount of advertising revenue (well, from that, from the lab, and from archives of this blog. It's an experiment, really. If I could have my druthers professionally, I'd make my money by writing/editing websites, be working on my Bachelor's and Master's. Sadly, that's not particularly in the cards right now, but I'm working on it.  On another note, Leah was looking for work toward L.A. -- but it didn't work out -- still, the likelihood is that we're moving towards L.A. in the future. For those of you wondering -- "how can you be Mr. San Diego and move to L.A.?" -- well, maybe I'm Mr. Southern California? Working out of my home, it matters less and less where I live. And there are a multitude of couches I can sleep in in San Diego so I can still keep my hand here in the 'Dago.  On another note: my parents and sister are in town. It's been really wonderful having them here, despite me and Leah mostly just working last week. This week should be more familial. I'm having a good time.  There's more I suppose -- I want to do some laundry and cleaning -- we're having my folks and sister and her boyfriend over this week -- and the house is an absolute mess.  Also doing work in counseling on some things. Lots going on. I think this process of me becoming myself has been a long time developing. At some point after my ex left I was destroyed and remade myself. At some point I thought I was more or less done. But I'm finding that's not the way it is at all.  How it is actually is that I'm in a continual process of destroying and remaking myself and aspects of myself. It reminds me of the movie Life as a House -- a metaphor for life (well, obviously) -- but whose theme is how we have to live in our life, and to live, sometimes we build things up that don't last, and we must be willing to confront those things, rebuild, change, and modify ourselves to be healthy.  Yeah, this felt good. It's been too long since I blogged personally. I'm more convinced than ever that blogging is good for me.  Hey! I almost forgot.... ONWARD. Post 1820An iTunes Smart Playlist by Joe Crawford

Barefoot Rock -- The Blasters
Big Rock Candy Mountain -- Harry McClintock
Block Rockin' Beats -- Chemical Brothers
Clash City Rockers -- The Clash
Cool Breeze On The Rocks -- De La Soul
Cyclops Rock -- They Might Be Giants
Don't Stop The Rock -- Chemical Brothers
Dr. Rock -- Ween
F***in' With My Head (Mountain Dew Rock) -- Beck
Help, I'm A Rock -- Frank Zappa
High 5 (Rock the Catskills) -- Beck
I Am A Rock -- Simon &amp; Garfunkel
Keen On Rockin' It -- Luscious Jackson
Like A Rock -- Bob Seger
Limbo Rock / Hand Jive -- Brave Combo
Moon Rocks -- Talking Heads
Old Time Rock And Roll -- Bob Seger
Punk Rock T-Shirt Melting -- Stew
Rock 'n' Roll -- Motorhead
Rock And Roll Will Stand -- The Blasters
Rock Boppin' Baby (Live) -- The Blasters
Rock Freak -- Luscious Jackson
Rock Hard -- The Beastie Boys
Rock In This Pocket (Song Of David) -- Suzanne Vega
Rock Lobster -- The B-52's
Rock Me Right -- Susan Tedeschi
Rock Music -- Pixies
Rock Star -- Ben Folds
Rock the Casbah -- The Clash
Rock the Shack -- New Order
Rocket Man -- Kate Bush
Rockets Tail -- Kate Bush
Rockin' Back Inside My Heart  -- Julee Cruise
Rockin' Chair -- Tom Waits
Rockin' Down The Highway -- The Doobie Brothers
Rockin' In The Free World -- David Byrne
Running On The Rocks -- Shriekback
Take Me In Your Arms (Rock Me A Little While) -- The Doobie Brothers
The Campaign For Real Rock -- Edwyn Collins
The Hokey Pokey (Rock Style) -- Brave Combo
The Rockafeller Skank -- Fatboy Slim
The Rockford Files Theme -- Mike Post
The Ventures' "Rocketing Rhythms" Interview -- Ventures
Ugly Truth Rock -- Matthew Sweet
We Want A Rock -- They Might Be Giants
Who Rocks The House -- Jurassic 5
Where Song Title Includes Rock I got this message about lab.artlung.com from someone named andy:  cant read links with all the background text, site would be good otherwise.  can't look at your site for more than one min without my eyes blurring  Andy is right. I need to rethink the look and organization of that site. I promise to improve it before the month is out!lab.artlung.com So Francophile TomBickle.com mentions that it's Bastille Day and refers to the Encarta entry for Bastille, which is to the point, but a little thin. As an experiment I checked out my personal favorite encyclopedia (yeah, I have a favorite encyclopedia) Wikipedia -- and Wikipedia entry for Bastille is great -- and it links to a page for Bastille, which then links to a cool Timeline of the French Revolution. Wikipedia was built and maintained by amatuers. Encarta by professionals. It makes no sense that Encarta would be so much worse. Some things about the web make no sense, and I love that.Wikipedia kicks Encarta's Ass  Lincoln on the 1864 Presidential Election   We can not have free government without elections; and if the rebellion could force us to forego, or postpone a national election it might fairly claim to have already conquered and ruined us. Quote of the Day: Abraham Lincoln Curious about some of the characters in the movie and how they appear in the comics? Marvel Directory has more: # # # # # # # # # Two weeks ago Leah and I saw Spider Man 2. It was good.Spider Man 2 Was Good Offered without comment: Wonkette: We Had to Burn the Democracy in Order to Save It:  Last week, Homeland Security honcho Tom Ridge warned that al Qaeda may be planning to a large-scale attack 'in an effort to disrupt the democratic process.' So of course what should we do if one happens in early November? Well, Ridge's number two has an idea: Delay the elections! So best. Because the terrorists hate our freedom, you know. And if we allow the democratic process to move forward, the terrorists will have won! It all makes so much sense, I think my head might explode! Actually, we're sort of starting to get it. Like, if al Qaeda bombed all the voting places, that would make it hard to hold an election. Or if they somehow purged a bunch of law-abiding citizens off the voter rolls for no reason. Or maybe if they rigged up a black box electronic voting system. Or threw the whole thing to the Supreme Court. Those things would be a problem, democracy-wise. Delaying the democratic election to preserve the democratic process Repurposing a message I sent to the "staff" of San Diego Blog.  Hi-De-Ho Neighbors. You're getting this because you're registered on http://sandiegoblog.com/ For the past month, I've made it a goal to have *at least* one post a day on San Diego Blog. Something interesting, something cool, a photo -- SOMETHING. I'd really love it if you all could take a peruse back through the archives: http://sandiegoblog.com/archives/2004/07/ and http://sandiegoblog.com/archives/2004/06/ and take a look and tell me what was cool, what was lame -- and if you have any suggestions for stories. I'm doing this all for no money at this point -- and I can see that maintaining a [newspaper|magazine|tv show] is real work. But it's nice to know that with WordPress when I have a run of good ideas I can "post them forward" into the future. So, for example, for the next few days I already have posts ready to go. I know it seems like I'm the only one posting -- but that does not have to be the only state of affairs. You're all welcome to post about San Diego here!  Actually, not everyone is welcome. There are many link spammers and idiots who would love to post, but really I want people who care about San Diego, and have something to say.  So -- I guess I'm again begging your indulgence for feedback and stories that should be covered. Some stories bouncing around my noggin that are not really stories yet are:   was there a plan to blow up the strand if the coronado bridge was blown up -- to allow egress of navy ships?  history of the giant dipper roller coaster (it was dormant for YEARS!)  the san ysidro mcDonald's shooting  the dredging of "False Bay" to make "Mission Bay"  famous San Diego Bands  radio stations that used to exist (Mighty 690, for example) in San Diego  Unarius Society -- cable access nutballs for years  history of the PSA skytower at sea world and the lights (they didn't always keep those lights on) -- maybe a history of sea world (like --what was it like on opening day?)  great record stores in San Diego (Lou's, Blue Meanie, Off The Record, etc)  famous people who got their starts in San Diego (e.g.: Regis Philbin, Whoopi Goldberg, Racquel Welch, Tom Waits)  ____________________________ &lt;- insert your idea here!   If any of you would like to tackle any of these things, I'd really dig it. If you just have factlets or links that are like the germs of a story, I'd dig that too. Thanks for listening to me brainstorm! I appreciate your time. Best, Joe  Now, I intended this only to be for the writers -- particularly the story ideas, and it's probably not too bright to be sharing my "behind the curtain" thoughts. But really, why not? Anyone who wanted to write about San Diego could have all these ideas. And if someone local writes about them, I can just point to *them* from San Diego Blog. When I look at pageviews for the site it's not that impressive (under 300 pageviews a day) -- still that's 5 pageviews an hour. This measure of "pageviews" is analgous to "readership" or "circulation" -- but it's building. And as I build in more utility and interest by providing interesting stories, people will come back. It's late, and I am full of ideas, but now, I'm tired. San Diego Blog I love that I started a page on Wikipedia about IPv9. It's since grown and become quite useful. Collective knowledge is power! Power to the swarm!IPV9 What is the deal with this url: http://www.google.com/aol/ ?http://www.google.com/aol/ Translator in eye of storm on retroactive classification (Boston.com):  "Sifting through old classified materials in the days after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, FBI translator Sibel Edmonds said, she made an alarming discovery: Intercepts relevant to the terrorist plot, including references to skyscrapers, had been overlooked because they were badly translated into English."  How much more 1984 doublespeak can you get than "retroactive classification."Retroactive classification! Projects of Joe Crawford has been updated a little bit. Still tweaking.Little Updates Careful where you type the word "bomb" -- I write badly, therefore I am a would-be terrorist (HoustonChronicle.com).Writing will get you reported Frustratingly beautiful use of the web: fray: fireworks.Today is a day for inspirational browsing tonypierce.com: fourth of hollywood blvd: a photo essayTony Pierce Inspires Me Sometimes  The spacecraft has apparently been taken over - "conqured" if you will - by a master race of giant space ants. It's difficult to tell from this vantage point whether they will consume the captive earth men or merely enslave them. One thing is for certain: there is no stopping them; the ants will soon be here. And I for one welcome our new insect overlords. I'd like to remind them that as a trusted TV personality I could be helpful in rounding up others to toil in their underground sugar caves.  - Kent Brockman, The Simpsons (via tvtome.com)Quote of the Day  "In the fight between you and the world, back the world."  - Frank Zappa (despite that, I am optimistic, says I)Quote of the Day Thoughts From My Broken Brain: "I'm 37 years old and have just been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis. I started this blog to chronical my journey."And you think you have problems? And what a lovely write-up -- 3-Blogs A Day: 1 part green + 2 parts ArtLung, add a dash of Dalton -- stir and serve chilled over HTTP://:  "ArtLung:Blog: ArtLung, along with blogger Joe Crawford's website, has to be one of the largest and most extensive personal websites I have ever been privy to. Boasting more than 250  pages of various topics you could spend days sifting through his site. However what we are talking about here is his blog. With posts ranging from various tech bits, to news stories (mostly California news as that is where he resides), to crazy stream of consciousness nonsense it makes for fairly interesting reading. Being a Web designer his layout is clean and crisp with sidebars containing the usual amount of links. Even more interesting is the story of how he went from being a respiratory care specialist to currently handling sales, marketing, & communications for a web hosting company. Not exactly an easy transition to make if you ask me. That's like an actor trying to be a politician or someth--oh nevermind, bad joke. I really liked this site, and reading about how Joe got to wear he is. Quite the inspiration for a fella like myself, keep up the good work man. Powered By: Blogger  Thanks for writing, SmmFryGuy! I've been featured on 3-Blogs A Day Oooh. Leah painted last week and came out with two really wonderful paintings -- in a style that combines some of her "trees" work -- which she used to sell as individual prints -- and some of her abstract, large canvasses. On Saturday she was interviewed for a documentary and enjoyed herself quite a bit. Her latest work is currently for sale at: Mixture2210 Kettner Blvd, San Diego, CA 92102 Here's a taste...  If you're interested in commissioning a piece, contact her at her site at leahpeah.com.Leah Peterson's Latest Work I like Al's latest gallery: upwardsAl's got photos!I keep updating this thread. So many tasty links! San Diego Blog -- Con: More. More. MoreComic Con Post on San Diego Blog Continues to GrowOne of the cool things about having family here last week and before was being exposed to their tastes and thoughts.  My sister's boyfriend D. has some really cool tastes. Here are some of them:  James Kochalka's American Elf is one. He has an interesting pitch for supporting his site:  American Elf: the Sketchbook Diaries of James Kochalka is a subscription-based website. That means you have to pay a little bit of money to access the archives (though the latest comic, on the homepage, is always free). The price for new readers is currently $1.95/month. That's a lot less than a beer, or a movie -- and it buys you thirty days' worth of webcomics enjoyment (as well as access to the Internet-only MP3's that James has been posting in the "goodies" section -- he's also a pretty well known rock star, you know). Most importantly, James himself pockets 70% of the money you send (the rest goes to maintain the site, and such stuff as that). You can think of this as modern-day patronage of the arts: your money insures that James can, among other things, pay his rent, buy art supplies, and continue to create new comics.  He's also a fan of the excellent gadget blog Gizmodo -- I get gizmodo news via places like Boing Boing and J-Walk.  He also likes The Inquirer, no, not that Inquirer. This one is a snarky tech news site.  And here's a buddy of his Safe as Milk -- I'll be checking this one out again. In the future, you know, EVERYBODY will have a blog.  Same Difference is a comic by Derek Kirk Kim that looks promising.  D. fascinates me because if you met him -- well, when I met him -- I thought "here's a guy who's a classic indy rock type fellow" - likes everything to be super-underground and alternative. It would be easy to sterotype him -- but you'd be wrong. The big curveball for me is he's a giant football fan. Like rabid.  I really dig that he's a good conversationalist - always with points of view that I would not expect.  That's really all I have to say about that. Exposing oneself to others ideasOkay, so here's where I do the traditional "go-through-my-con-crud" and extract the pearls and throw out everything. It's always fun for me. It's better than my old technique -- which was to packrat it all for years and never look at it again.

And it begins...

Design Studio Press has awesome books about concept design. Reminds me of Syd Mead stuff. Some of the books have a how-to flavor that is nifty. A bit expensive though.

Broccoli Books does a bunch of manga. They even have a blog. I quite like their cute hats, though I can't see myself wearing one.

Anime Gamers USA has all things manga and anime, looks like. They do mail-order and have a store in L.A.

Donato Giancola does wonderful painting with fantasy and science fiction themes. Faramir at Osgiliath is particularly moving. And Inheritors of Earth has some interesting Blade Runner-esque stuff happening in it.

Marusan Toy has some cool giant robots, but they're not cool enough to overcome a bad website hampered by too many levels and a clunky English vs. Japanese interface.

play is a (new?) magazine for videogames. I'm gonna sign up for my FREE 3-issue RISK-FREE NO OBLIGATION subscription and try it out.

Lynne Naylor has some cool sixties-style retro-art going on. I can't remember when I picked up this postcard, but it's nifty. Her site has more of her work, not exactly my taste, but it has a great look. I like this one in particular. Worth a look for those looking for cool art. Her work reminds me of something Joelle would use in a blog theme.

Stolle Art Studio has a really engaging website. I really like the straightforward presentation on their gallery page. Browsing through their gallery images is nifty. Here's a rendering of Captain Caveman, and the girly art is engaging as well -- some of it elegant, some of it has really great color schemes, though much of it is too skanky/Maxim-style for my own tastes. But I wish the girls featured some smiles. Something about girl-art looking sexy but not smiling turns me off. I really wanted to like more of these illustrations more than I did. Maybe next year there will be more engaging work.

Subculture Array had some neat jewelry at their booth at the Con, but I'm really turned off that the site, when I go there looks like a porn site. I just want to look at the jewelry. Oh, and also, their urls are way long and bum me out with their seeming impermanence. *whine*

Metal Box Comics seems like a one-person (Andy Chang) outfit with a free comic online: The Adventures of Sniffy. It seems to be a story about a cat, robots, a printer out of ink, and some cat print-outs. Seeing this makes me want to do my own comic. Probably online.

DC Direct has some cool and useless merchandise. I really like the action figures based on The Dark Knight Returns: Batman, Superman, Joker, and Robin.

The Machinist is a movie starring Christian Bale as a guy who has not slept in a year. The reviews call it an "existential horror film." That description makes me not want to see it. It sneak previewed at the Con, but I missed it.

City of Heroes is a MMORPG (massively multiplayer online roleplaying game) where you can be a superhero. Cool idea. I know Joe and Meg play it and like it. I sometimes feel guilty for not being into videogames anymore. Not that I ever really was. But I guess my addictive videogame is blogging. Heh.

Shocker Toys: Shockinis appears to be the copycat of another toy -- Stikfas -- generic toys you can customize into any kind of figure you want.

The Festering Season is a graphic novel with some great reviews. The sample pages are kind of cool, but I find myself feeling lukewarm about it.

Animation Trip presents computer graphic films, and have been doing it for more than 15 years. I think I remember attending "The Mind's Eye" a long time ago.

Black Bolt Entertainment does comics. Their one-page website tells me nothing about whether or not I might want to read their comics.

If you want Peanuts-related stuff, check out SnoopyStoreCatalog.com.

Big Red Hair features comics and robots. Heartbreakers is a series of science-fiction comic books and graphic novels by writer Anina Bennett and artist Paul Guinan.

"Mauga Productions" has no url I can find, but they claim to have "the world's first hip hop based audio comic." What the hell is an audio comic book?

Goats is an online comic. It's moderately funny from doing some reading of random Goats strips. I'm not impressed by the strips but I like the random feature.

It's a Chick Productions makes films. One is called Agent 15. The trailer is underwhelming.

Rose Madder is kind of a cute manga. Some funny comics and a good sense of humor. this one made me chuckle.

Xipster is some kind of make-an-animation and share it type thing. Their website says "With XIPSTER in your hands your creativity can run wild. Use XIPSTER to make outrageous movies and the send them to your friends. Soon you can controll the world.." though their mispelling of "control" does give me pause as to targeting teachers... "XIPSTER is the hottest new way to introduce animation  into the classroom. Teachers everywhere are discovering XIPSTER's power to energize the learning experience." Supposedly I can make movies with the software. The movies are nifty. But what is this? Stop motion? Canned clips? The download is 38 Megabytes and Windows only. But I only found that out on the three-levels down download page. The idea seems neat, but I still have no idea what the idea is.

"Lobo and Risley" is a comic by Gibbs and Keri Rainock. And they do have a website at RainockWorks.com. The description for this comic is "Lobo, A spazmastic zombie dog with a detachable brain, joins forces with Risley, a serious preteen circus pooper-scooper. Together, they are on a mission to protect fuzzy bunnies, obese unicorns and depressive griffins from the mad taxidermist Dr. Apollo." It appears to have an excess of plot. But some of the drawings are rather nice.

Alcatraz High is a comic book by a native San Diegan Bobby Rubio (note to myself, interview him for SDB) -- the art style is very nice. Apparently this guy went to Morse High School and now works at Nickelodeon Studios. Very professional look.

"Bliss on Tap Publishing" purportedly has a comic called "God The Dyslexic Dog" -- their flyer is printed like a glossy comic book cover, and has some nice art but I can't find any kind of website for them. The creator lives in Universal City and is named B. Paul Husband with an email address of paul.husband (at) husband.com. Intriguing but frustrating. The title is good for a laugh. Though wasn't that a Steven Wright gag?

Disney Comics was there in force. W.I.T.C.H is a very anime inspired looking comic about a group of teenage witches. Feh. The one interesting thing is a url for Accademia Disney Italy, where you can learn what it takes to be a freelancer for Disney Comics. They have a training location in Milan where artists are trained when Disney has a need.

Men of Tomorrow: Geeks, Gangsters and the birth of the Comic Book by Gerard Jones looks good. It comes out in October from Basic Books. The description from powells.com is wonderful: "Springing unheralded out of working-class Jewish immigrant neighborhoods in the depths of the Depression, these young men transformed an odd mix of geekdom, science fiction, and outsider yearnings into blue-eyed, chisel-nosed crime-fighters and adventurers who quickly captured the mainstream imagination. Within a few years their inventions were being read by 90% of American children and had spawned a new genre in movies, radio and TV that still dominates youth entertainment seventy years later."

Spider-Man: the '67 Collection is a 6-DVD collection of the original animated series. Well, in those days they just called them cartoons. The description on this postcard is: "All 52 episodes of Spider-Man's original 1967 television series, now completely restored in full color and bursting with spectacular action!" Okay.

Remember Micronauts? innerspaceonline.com is your source for names, parts listings, sticker sheets and news about Micronauts. The Space Warriors were super-cool toys. A few years ago when I was ebay-ing much more, I used to look for Micronauts. But the prices were, and are, way too high.

Fantagraphics does cool publishing. The coolest thing of late is a reprinting "The Complete Peanuts: Dailies &amp; Sundays 1950-1952." It looks really wonderful. Other stuff they do that looks cool are stuff by the Hernandez Brothers and their reprintings of Pogo and Krazy Kat.

Drawn Together is "Television's First Animated Reality Show" and will be coming in October on Comedy Central. It looks utterly crass and tasteless. There's a pseudo Betty Boop character flashing pixelated breasts; an orange Pokemon-ish character who appears to have an electric temper; a yellow Spongebob-meets-Stimpy character chugging a beer bong -- loaded up by a pink pig in pants; an Elfquest-looking male character with a prominent package reading a magazine called "Dude'z Health"; and most prominently - two busty female characters - one black and sort of Josie and the Pussycats in a tiger-orange bikini -- and one woman white and brunette in a green bathing suit and looking like some sort of evil Queen from a Disney film. Would it surprise you to know that they're in a hot tub -- making out? Feh. The last character is a male superhero oogling the girls. Bleagh. But I suppose we do live in a Reality TV world. :-

Burlyman Entertainment looks interesting. It looks like a company owned by Matrix creators The Wachowski Brothers. Geof Darrow does art on a comic called "Shaolin Cowboy" that looks like another hyper-violent goofy-fest. I love Geof's work -- but the gore sometimes even wears me out, and I'm a fan. There's also a title called "The Matrix Comics" -- an anthology that I looked at but decided against for now.

Life's so Rad by Rad Comics is an online comic that comes out Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Looks like it's worth another visit.

THX 1138 is being re-released and looks pretty nifty. I think this was actually covered on slashdot a few weeks ago.

Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence is coming out September 17, 2004 and looks impressive. The first one is a minor cyberpunk classic. Not sure if this one will be as good. Again, worth watching out for. Oh, Go Fish Pictures is actually a sub-brand of DreamWorks - for anime stuff I guess. Interesting.

Oh, and here's a snapping bracelet for Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid. Dare I look at the trailer? I dare, I dare. ... Now I've looked. Wow, that looks BAAAAAAD. I saw pieces of the first Anaconda, and I thought that looked bad. At least that one had Jennifer Lopez. This one just has a girl who sort of reminds you of J.Lo. Whew.

There's a soundtrack coming out for Freaks and Geeks. I'll have to send these postcards to my sister. She digs that show.

If you can believe it, there's more. But that's for another time.

Good night!Stray URLs from Comic Con SchwagSo I'm going over the crap I picked up at Comic-Con, and found a promo for Titan Magazines. You know, they have monthly and bimonthly magazines for fans of tv shows. The titles are: Alias, Angel, Bufffy the Vampire Slayer, Charmed, Smallville, and Stargate SG-1, and a catchall magazine called Dreamwatch.  At first I was laughing at the prospect that people had that much of a need for news about the show Charmed, but then I realized that there is a magazine called CBS Soaps in Depth, dedicated only to the goings on of CBS soap operas.  So maybe people really need a magazine for Stargate SG-1.Titan MagazinesAt the Con the Star Wars people had a booth where you could pretend to be an action figure.

For those of you wondering what I would look like as a Star Wars toy, wonder no more.


Joe as Star Wars ToyTom Bickle is a new daddy.

Congrats!

And Janece is coming due real soon now.

Babies all 'round.

Talk about onward man!HEY BABY HEY BABY HEYElfur is linking to me with her new site.  I used to be an admin on evolt.org, and Elfur was a fellow admin. A few years ago I met her and many other evolters at SXSW. That was so cool. She's from Iceland, lives in Iceland, and has a kid and does web design. And hey, she links to me.  Anyway. I think it's cool. I wish her well in her blogging activities!Elfur! "My Beef With Big Media" by Ted Turner:  "Today, media companies are more concentrated than at any time over the past 40 years, thanks to a continual loosening of ownership rules by Washington. The media giants now own not only broadcast networks and local stations; they also own the cable companies that pipe in the signals of their competitors and the studios that produce most of the programming. To get a flavor of how consolidated the industry has become, consider this: In 1990, the major broadcast networks--ABC, CBS, NBC, and Fox--fully or partially owned just 12.5 percent of the new series they aired. By 2000, it was 56.3 percent. Just two years later, it had surged to 77.5 percent.  In this environment, most independent media firms either get gobbled up by one of the big companies or driven out of business altogether. Yet instead of balancing the rules to give independent broadcasters a fair chance in the market, Washington continues to tilt the playing field to favor the biggest players. Last summer, the FCC passed another round of sweeping pro-consolidation rules that, among other things, further raised the cap on the number of TV stations a company can own.  In the media, as in any industry, big corporations play a vital role, but so do small, emerging ones. When you lose small businesses, you lose big ideas. People who own their own businesses are their own bosses. They are independent thinkers. They know they can't compete by imitating the big guys--they have to innovate, so they're less obsessed with earnings than they are with ideas. They are quicker to seize on new technologies and new product ideas. They steal market share from the big companies, spurring them to adopt new approaches. This process promotes competition, which leads to higher product and service quality, more jobs, and greater wealth. It's called capitalism.  Read the whole thing. It's awesome.Ted Turner on Media Consolidation, Government, The Law, Small BusinessComic Con 2004 photos (Friday edition) are up: ArtLung Photos :: Comic Con 2004Comic Con PhotosSan Diego Blog: Comic Con Continues!Con again today!Internet Explorer: IEBlog  Mozilla: MozillaZine  Safari: Surfin' Safari  Tired: Browser Wars Wired: Browser Weblog WarsBrowser Wars, Part InfinitySo it seems Caleb John Clark., sometime San Diegan and all-around-interesting guy, is still out in the world. He's an east-coaster now -- but I forgive him.

Caleb's one of the few people I have met a few times in person to talk about running communities. Others include Dennis Wilen and Matt Haughey, as well as the whole evolt.org crew a few years ago.

There's something specific about running an online community that can only be experienced by doing it. Sure, reading Many 2 Many and Clay Shirky can do it, but to be able to conversate in person --- it's unique.A Curious Character Comic Con today was huge. Went with my sister and her boyfriend. It was awesome, and did I mention huge? I have a crazy idea to take a picture of each and every booth, though as I think about it it sounds like an insane and foolhardy idea. Though that makes me want to do it more. Oi. So tired. Not many purchases, but a good good time. Too tired to write more. More another time. G'night. Whew I made a new header this morning, the grainy photo was taken earlier this month  -- July 3rd -- at Cajon Speedway. It was the first time I'd ever been. Basically a whole lot of crazy guys drove as fast as they could for what they called an "Enduro Race." Here's the text wrap-up, and here are the photos. I also took some shots with Leah's camera. They are in the photo gallery. The cars got beat to all hell on that race. It was really something to see. New Header, New Album: Cajon Speedway Featuring the word "Don't":  Baby Please Don't Go - Van Morrison Boys Don't Cry - The Cure Brown Shoes Don't Make It - Frank Zappa Don't - Jewel Don't Be Sad - Dwight Yoakam Don't Believe The Hype - Public Enemy Don't Break the Heart - Mono Puff Don't Bring Me Down - Paul Shaffer Don't Cha Stop - The Cars Don't Come Around Here No More - Tom Petty &amp; The Heartbreakers Don't Cross The River - America Don't Cry No Tears (Live) - Matthew Sweet Don't Do Me Like That - Tom Petty &amp; The Heartbreakers Don't Dream It's Over - Paul Shaffer Don't Eat The Yellow Snow - Frank Zappa Don't Ever Dance With Maria - Brave Combo Don't Fade Away - Dead Can Dance Don't Fear the Reaper - Sifl &amp; Olly Don't Get 2 Close (2 My Fantasy) - Ween Don't Give Up (w/Kate Bush) - Peter Gabriel Don't Go - Matthew Sweet Don't I Have the Right? - Mono Puff Don't Know How To Party - The Mighty Mighty Bosstones Don't Know Why - Kostars Don't Know Why - Norah Jones Don't Know Why (Live/Leno) - Norah Jones Don't Laugh (I Love You) - Ween Don't Let's Start - They Might Be Giants Don't Let's Start (Demo Version) - They Might Be Giants Don't Let's Start (Single Mix) - They Might Be Giants Don't Look Back - Luscious Jackson Don't Lose Your Mind - Miles Davis Don't Make Me Love You - Christina Aguilera Don't Marry Her - The Beautiful South Don't Push Me Around - The Zeros Don't Ruin Our Happy Home - Randy Newman Don't Speak - No Doubt Don't Stand So Close To Me - The Police Don't Stand So Close To Me '86 - The Police Don't Stop - Fleetwood Mac Don't Stop Swaying - Sophie B. Hawkins Don't Stop The Dance - Bryan Ferry Don't Stop The Rock - Chemical Brothers Don't Sweat It - Ween Don't Take Me Alive - Steely Dan Don't Talk (Put Your Head on My Shoulder) - The Beach Boys Don't Tell Me - Blancmange Don't Think I'm Not - Kandi Don't Think Twice, It's All Right - Bryan Ferry Don't Try To Explain - Keb' Mo' Don't Want To Be A Part Of Your World - David Byrne Don't Want To Know - Bryan Ferry Don't Worry About The Government - Talking Heads Don't Worry Baby - Los Lobos Don't Worry Baby - The Beach Boys Don't You Ever Wash That Thing? - Frank Zappa Girl Don't Tell Me - The Beach Boys God Don't Make Lonely Girls - The Wallflowers Honey, Don't You Want a Man Like Me? - Frank Zappa Hope I Don'T Fall In Love With You - Tom Waits How Come You Don't Call Me Anymore - Prince I Don't Care If You Go - Velocity Girl I Don't Care If You Go (Acoustic) - Velocity Girl I Don't Even Care - Frank Zappa I Don't Know - The Beastie Boys I Don't Like Mondays - Tori Amos I Don't Mind - Jerry Harrison: Casual Gods I Don't Mind If You Forget Me - Morrissey I Don't Remember - Peter Gabriel I Don't Understand You - They Might Be Giants I Don't Wanna Get Drafted - Frank Zappa I Don't Wanna Grow Up - Tom Waits I Don't Want To (Live) - The Blasters I Don't Want To Go To Chelsea - Elvis Costello &amp; The Attractions I'm Dead ( But I Don't Know it) - Randy Newman It Don't Mean A Thing (If It Ain't Got That Swing) - Ella Fitzgerald &amp; Duke Ellington Just Squeeze Me (But Don't Tease Me) - Ella Fitzgerald &amp; Duke Ellington Look But Don't Touch - Kenny Neal Now That I Don't Have You - Jill Sobule Now You See It - Now You Don't - Frank Zappa Oh Baby, Don't You Loose Your Lip On Me - James Taylor Please Don't Tell Me (What I Did Last Night) - The Red Elvises Please Don't Worry About My Brain Change - Negro Problem Rikki Don't Lose That Number - Steely Dan She Don't Know Why I'm Here - The Last They Don't Like Me - Lyle Lovett True Men Don't Kill Coyotes - Red Hot Chili Peppers Walk-Don't Run - Ventures What I Don't Know - Dwight Yoakam Where Your Eyes Don't Go - They Might Be Giants Why Don't We Get Drunk - Jimmy Buffett Why Don't We Get Drunk And Screw - Jimmy Buffett Why Don't We Live Together - Pet Shop Boys Why Don't You Like Me? - Frank Zappa You Don't Exist Any More - Lil' Ed And The Blues Imperials You Don't Know Like I Know - Sam &amp; Dave You Don't Know What Love Is - Fenton Robinson You Don't Know What You Mean to Me - Sam &amp; Dave You Don't Love Me - Matthew Sweet You Don't Mess Around With Jim - Jim Croce Your Wife Don't Understand You - The Simpsons  I like that list because it shows the depth and breadth (or lack thereof) of my music.An Apple iTunes Smart List Hilarity ensues.What would happen if an actual Italian food expert went to Olive Garden? The plan today is maybe to hit La Jolla Cove with my family. It looks like it may be another beautiful day. Though it has been hot here in San Diego. San Diegan's don't take well to unseasonable temperatures. We like our weather perfect, dagnabbit. So what's on my mind? Actually, not much right now. Taking it easy. Comic-Con coming up soon. Not sure if I'm going to all 4 days or just one or two. But I'm pretty sure I need to go. Yeah. Need. Client work is going well. Keeping busy on the work tip. That's nice. Hrm. Not much to say this morning. Okay. Take care. Plan You could do much worse than URM Cargo, which is a site I made several years ago. Seriously, URMCargo.Need a Freight Forwarder?So here's where we start anew. Afresh. We start blogging with WordPress instead of blogger. Enabling such things as trackback and other niceties.

What had God wrought?WordPress. Blog Volume 2.Okay. Am i really ready for user comments? I've always said I would not.Hell freezes over.I'm about to import hundreds of entries from my old blogger file into WordPress. Wish me luck.Here goes WordPressFor some time I've been making headers for this site. Tonight I redesigned that page to include thumbnails for the individual headers. I strive to make some kind of artistic something with these. I sometimes succeed. Looking back, there are some really nice ones.  I made these thumbnails with webkit2png - an awesome command line tool for taking screenshots with Safari. So here are some favorites: Here's a dark one, based on some photos taken in Coronado by Leah - during a rainstorm:    Two of my favorites are holiday related:     And another one based on Leah's photography. Taken in front of the South Park sign, it's probably the one the most people sent me mail on. People can be very complimentary.    Here's one from when the fires were happening:    This one is very pretty, taken at the flower fields in Carlsbad:    Here's a before/after from my haircut during the Summer of 2000:     This one is the largest, with a big old photo of me, again by Leah    In this one, my head GLOWS!    I like this one, kind of a "nude descending the staircase" / multiverse version of me - I took that one at the Gaslamp trolley stop:    In this one from 2001 I asked "I wonder if anyone is reading this" -- a few people were.    And here's where I got a little political about the War on Terror:    And in this one I say: "Onward":    Onward.Let's look at some headers!I swear this is not morbid.  Already Dead - Beck Better Off Dead - Randy Newman Daisy Dead Petals - Tori Amos Dead - They Might Be Giants Dead End Job - The Police Dead Flowers - Townes Van Zandt Dead Girls Of London - Frank Zappa Dead Girls Of London - Frank Zappa Dead Man's Party - Oingo Boingo Dead Melodies - Beck Dead Shark - Liz Phair Dead Souls - Joy Division Deadbeat - Revenge Deadbeat (Gary Clail Remix) - Revenge Deadbeat Club - The B-52's Drop Dead - Frank Zappa Exquisite Dead Guy - They Might Be Giants Gone Dead Train - Randy Newman I'll Sleep When I'm Dead - Warren Zevon I'm Dead (But I Don't Know it) - Randy Newman Last Dead Mouse - The Mighty Mighty Bosstones Pretend We're Dead - L7 Seven Deadly Sins - Bryan Ferry She Is Not Dead - Adrian Belew Song For The Dead - Randy Newman iTunes Smart Playlist: "where song title contains "dead"...on BoingBoing: Ebook column that gets it all wrongOh Snap! Cory Doctorow went OFF on Gizmodo!Go Johan go!  0x.se - Paparazzi! Paparazzi! is a small utility for Mac OSX that makes screenshots of webpages.  It's written in Objective-C using the Cocoa API and the WebKit framework...  It was inspired by webkit2png which is a commandline tool written by Paul Hammond in pyObjC, so all intellectual credit for the basic functionality goes to him ;) Paparrazi! - new OS X Web Screenshot toolBack on July 27th I made a comment about Shockinis, to whit:  Shocker Toys: Shockinis appears to be the copycat of another toy -- Stikfas -- generic toys you can customize into any kind of figure you want.  Geoff Beckett, from ShockerToys, responded via my feeback form just a few days later (yes, people use the feedback page):  I found an error: "Shocker Toys: Shockinis appears to be the copycat of another toy -- Stikfas -- generic toys you can customize into any kind of figure you want."  This we are not! please do not post crap saying we are copying off other product lines. We are a totally different toy then [sic] them!  I invited Geoff to answer a mini-interview (I like doing interviews lately). Here is that mini-interview with Geoff Beckett: 1. What are Shockinis?  Shockinis are a 3 1/4 inch tall mini customizable pre-assembled block figure.  2. What makes Shockinis unique?  The thing that makes the Shockinis unique is that they actually are a block figure. Most companies say they are block figures but have a lot of round parts. We are a true block figure form. Also the ball joints are different on our figures we restricted a small amount of movement so that the limbs don't fall apart like some others. We use Hinge ball joints "thats a hinge that has two small ball joints in it instead of a pin". The other figure you say we resemble uses all ball joints no hinge joints of any kind. The Shockinis are not made of ABS but a soft but durable plastic which allows for sanding, carving and takes paint very well. Our Shockinis are also a bit more filled out so you have more to work with, again they are a block figure not a stick figure. Along with the customizable version we use the Shockini body for little licensed robots as well, and we are in the process of making the Shockini into a few comic characters also.  3. Did your product come out before or after Stikfas?  I developed my product with no prior knowledge of the stikfas. I found out about them after I had already sent my stuff to be manufactured. The stikfas did come first but are going of a patent for a stick action figure created in 1930. So the figure created in 1930 is the first it was called Crazy Ikes.  4. How is your product better than Stikfas?  Really there is no one better then the other these two products are the only two on the market and they are different. Which is better an apple or an orange ask different people you will get different answers. There is no other customizable action figures. The two products are better in different ways according to users. Some like ours better because its a softer plastic and some like ours better because its pre-assembled. But I'm sure there are reasons why people like stikfas as well better than our product.  He follows up with:  Our product is the same concept of customizing by the end user but not the same look or feel. In the end you can customize both products they are a blank canvas. But when you first open them they are completely different products.  Geoff Beckett Shocker Toys LLP http://www.shockertoys.com  I would like to thank Geoff for answering these questions and clarifying how he sees his product.  I wonder if Stikfas will send me a note next.Shocker Toys Responds to ArtLung DismissalThe ArtLung Blog, which debuted in March 2001, has made a big technology shift today. I expect there will be errors and bugs in these first few days and I check over content to make sure things work.

I love Blogger, and will continue to use it for some purposes. But I've migrated into the open source PHP/MySQL solution WordPress. I've been so happy with it over at San Diego Blog, I felt it was time to do it here.

One of the things this enables me to do is to have comments on the site. I've always been hesitant to allow public comments -- and I'm still not convinced it's such a hot idea. But I quite like the idea of using trackback to conversate with other blogs. I also think sometimes comments allow the conversation to do wonderful, unexpected things.

So, we'll see how it shakes out. Welcome to the new world of ArtLung Blog.

Onward.Blogging Volume 2 Really Begins Nowlab.artlung.com got linked from weblog tools collection yesterday. And today, with the conversion to WordPress, I can use trackback to "talk" at them.

Geeky, to be sure, but interesting.Linked to.Captured on hip hop music -- Bart's book report vs. George W. Bush's Press Conference.Our Vapid President...in this post by Rudy Rucker on boing boing.Great old pix of Bruce Sterling and William GibsonMy sister's boyfriend sent me this image of some precipitation from today. Amazing!



Precipitation in D.C.Usenix is happening right here in San Diego.

Mitch Wagner, local blogger and Editor of InternetWeek is on the case!Usenix!Email of the day:

---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Tue, 17 Aug 2004 10:39:02 +1000
From: [REDACTED]
To: joe [AT] artlung.com
Subject: websandiego.org

Dear Sir/Madam,

I was wondering if you were interested in selling your domain websandiego.org.
I am willing to pay $100.00 for it.

Yours Sincerely,
[REDACTED]
Make Me An OfferHoly crap. How long has it been since I posted?

Oh, so much to post. I'll be updating this as I get to everything.

The Ronny Vardy Fansite has been changed a great deal. I saw her briefly at Comic-Con and perused her new book. Worth a look.

Also, just added a new header -- it's interactive! Well, a little interactive anyway. Header for August 23, 2004

And man oh man, there are some great posts over on San Diego Blog. Really cool stuff.

Yeah, there is personal stuff to talk about. Not right now.

And hey, cool -- Leah's latest painting was featured in an art show the weekend we went to Utah. check it out here.ChangesThis website is once again undergoing revisions. I have modified the Stew/The Negro Problem pages, as well as the Voltes 5 pages.

Also, if you're reading this blog you probably have noticed that the design is changing. The many many sidebar links to pals, friends, colleagues, news sources, and the like have been moved to the dedicated Links page, to accompany the Semidaily Links. I'm trying to focus on simplifying things a bit.

For a long time I've just added and added to this site, without regard to how things fit together. This site has so many pages, and so many that people have no idea existed. I think I need to focus on what I want people to learn about me and do. For example, do I want people think I'm a cool guy? Do I want them to hire me for something? Do I want them to put me on the radio? Just why do I have this personal website?

I mean, I know that for San Diego Blog is there for a reason. I initially thought it was just something that needed to exist. But now I think I understand better the rationale for the site. I want to provide an interesting and useful alternative voice for San Diego, and I would like it to generate revenue. This focus has allowed me to design and edit to that task. It's not been particularly successful, but those who read the site find it entertaining, and we provide useful information to people who visit from search engines. Also, readership is increasing, and participation from the stable of writers is really great. It's a grand experiment in metroblogging -- though I started it before I had ever heard that word.

So tomorrrow I start a new part time gig with some old friends. I expect it will be simple work. I'm seeking more of that -- as school starts next week, and I pray that will go well. What I need right now to meet my goals is steady, non-commission based cashflow,that also does not interfere with schoolwork. I also want it to be short-term, because after this next semester, Leah and I intend to migrate north, to be closer to her kids.

Leah has been writing on her blog about my proposals. In truth, I'm scared to death of marriage. That is why, in fact, Leah and I attend pre-marital counseling, and have done so for several weeks. It's been very useful to me, to explore my own hangups and fears. Some of you started reading me when my previous marriage was imploding. The pain of that was huge, and terrible.

I'm gunshy precisely because I know how much losing that partnership is. I'm also gunshy because I wonder if I have moved too quickly in this relationship. But in truth, the synchrony Leah and I have is remarkable and wonderful. We're an excellent team, even when we disagree, and I am in a place where I can be open to her in a way that I've never been open to anyone, ever, before. I love her.

So, I suppose at this point I should hit the hay. I have work to do tomorrow. Strange DaysSo today what Leah and I are doing it heading north to Los Angeles, downtown that is, to see Stew perform free at noon.

We're taking the train.

Leah's first time with me on a train. I love trains.Today's ItinerarySo the 50 minute Stew show yesterday was wonderful. Totally worth the train ride and Dash ride and lack of usable WiFi signals at California Plaza.

I even got to take a few minutes to say hey to Stew. I am such a fan. I actually met him in September last year. I've posted some more photos at: Stew at Grand Performances Noon Show.



Two new songs worth noting Stew and Heidi played: Black Men Ski and I think the other one was titled Loretta wrote a letter from Baghdad. They also played the first and last pieces of The Drug Suite, I must've been high and Arlington Hill.

So glad I went.

Then last night Leah and I went to family dinner and gave some manga to my cousin for his birthday. We were real late but it was cool.

Leah listened to the iPod while on the train and did some freelance anthropology. I wrote some postcards, played with MacStumbler (when are we gonna get onboard Wifi for trains?). Oh, I also did some reading of my local copy of Dive Into Python.

As I type this I'm playing some music, some Suzanne Vega, and now appropriately, some Stew. Love Is Coming Through The Door comes on, and Leah says "I like this one!"

School starts Monday. I'm excited to get back to it. I did some further accounting on my educational career. I have a real shot at getting in as a transfer student. There's much more there than I realized. Crazy eh? More on that as it develops. UCSD is still my school of choice -- but there are some good schools in the L.A. area as well. So -- I'm open to how things play out.

Today chilling out. We have a birthday party to go to today. And another next week. And a dinner party tomorrow night. Our social calendar is full.

So I'm doing some mulling and making decisions. Life is pretty darn good.stew plays, joe mullsYesterday I returned to school. San Diego City College otra vez.

I'm taking classes, nominally, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I think the reality is that classes are actually going to be Monday, Wednesday, and an evening class on Thursday.

I'm enrolled in (and paid for! woo hoo!) my Spanish 102 class, and my C++ Programming class. These were yesterday.

The programming class is evenings. That stinks, actually. But I know and like the Professor, so I know what I'm getting into.

The Spanish class is -- well -- the professor in the schedule is not the professor in the actual classroom. We got baited-and-switched! 3 of my fellow classmates from 101 are in the 102, and when our former instructor failed to show, and we instead got some other, dude, we were not so impressed. He's a bit like a drill seargeant. The review was Spanish in a rat-a-tat-tat style. No more mellow learning. As soon as I saw we have a replacement I thought of bolting -- but actually, I'm up for it. I'm realizing that sometimes a little challenge is just what one needs.

The morning is overcast. Leah is off to work -- one of her two jobs -- I made us scrambled eggs and tortillas (well, I only heated the tortillas) and a little jack cheese. It was a nice way to begin the day.

By odd circumstances, last night we were at The Top of the Hyatt, perhaps the best view in San Diego, or at least in the top 10. It was a pleasant way to end the day. A friend needed a change of scenery, and Leah went along. I hopped a trolley when I got out of class and showed up, heavy backpack in tow. San Diego really is a beautiful city. I don't really think of it that way all the time. But it is simply pretty. Twinkling lights overlooking the placid bay. I think I'll post this paragraph (slightly altered) as my entry today on San Diego Blog. I have a grip of posts that are *nearly* done over there that I need to put into the rotation.

Okay, time to get ready for work.

Onward.Back To School SaleIt's been quite a week. School and work and work and school. And also the SDOSS meeting about how Sign On San Diego uses open source.

I'm happy but tired. I'm way behind on a few things, and just have not found the times to make things right. In some areas, things are great, but I dropped the ball on a few things too.

But classes are good. C++ looks like a worthy class. I'm going to try and dual program - using Visual Studio .NET in the labs at school, and also XCode here on my Macs. I also want to experiment with plain old gcc.

Leah and I are taking a class together! That's what we did last night, before getting some much needed groceries. The class is Technical Writing, and it is a new one for City College, and it looks pretty good. I think having a bit of formal training in technical writing is going to be helpful for both of us. Wherever she works, she ends up being tasked to write things - descriptions and marketing materials. And it's the same for me -- proposals, testing plans, documentation -- these are all part of my supposed skillset. I suppose I just want to learn to do it better.

The new work situation is working out well. I really like working part time as a concept. I love the concept that I am spending most of my time doing schoolwork, and secondarily doing paying work. They want me for more hours for the next few weeks -- and I'm going to see what I can do.

One bad thing, the schedule has been tight -- so Leah and I have not hit counseling in a two weeks -- we had a scheduling snafu last week, and there was simply no time this week. :-\ But we hope to get there next week.

Things seem to be on track.

Okay, onward.La EscuelaIt was 2 years ago today that I met Leah. I was pretty giddy. She's wonderful and I love her. She's not feeling well right now. I hope she gets well soon. We're gonna get married, but we don't know when. We're real interesting.

And yes, I've been quiet lately here on the blog. Well, I'm not quiet in my Spanish, C++, and Technical Writing classes. Be patient with me. I'm busy and working and kind of a chaotic-type person right now. I'm working on the problem though. Reordering ones priorities in pursuit of new, ambitious goals is hard.

Hey, Onward.Anniversary.

sept2004 003   Originally uploaded by artlung.

Me and Zac.

Okay, time to get to work people.Photo of the Day: Zac and MeAgent Orange -- Tori AmosBad Luck Blue Eyes Goodbye -- The Black CrowesBad, Bad Leroy Brown -- Jim CroceBallet For A Blue Whale -- Adrian BelewBig Black Mariah -- Tom WaitsBig Blue Plymouth (Eyes Wide Open) -- David ByrneBlack &amp; White -- Sarah McLachlanBlack &amp; White x 5 -- Bill ContiBlack And Blue -- Lyle LovettBlack Beauty -- Frank ZappaBlack Cat Bone -- LaikaBlack Cat Bone -- Albert Collins and Johnny CopelandBlack Coffee In Bed -- SqueezeBlack Cow -- Steely DanBlack Dog -- Paul ShafferBlack Friday -- Steely DanBlack Flag -- David ByrneBlack Light Trap -- ShriekbackBlack Magic Woman -- SantanaBlack Market Baby -- Tom WaitsBlack Milk -- Massive AttackBlack Moon Creeping -- The Black CrowesBlack Morpheus -- 808 StateBlack Napkins -- Frank ZappaThe Black Page -- Frank ZappaThe Black Page (1984) -- Frank ZappaThe Black Page #1 -- Frank ZappaThe Black Page #2 -- Frank ZappaBlack Page #2 -- Frank ZappaThe Black Page Drum Solo/Black Page #1 -- Frank ZappaThe Black Rider -- Tom WaitsThe Blackouts -- Frank ZappaBlack Steel In The Hour Of Chaos -- Public EnemyBlack Water -- The Doobie BrothersBlack Wind Blowing -- Billy Bragg &amp; WilcoBlack-Dove (January) -- Tori AmosBlack-Eyed Susan -- MorrisseyBlackheart -- MotorheadBlackhole -- BeckBlackjack -- WeenBlue Calx -- Aphex TwinBlue Chevrolet -- The Beat FarmersBlue Christmas -- face to faceBlue Christmas -- Bright EyesBlue Eyes -- Cary BrothersThe Blue Flame -- David ByrneBlue Flower -- Mazzy StarBlue Fools -- Matthew SweetBlue Jean -- David BowieBlue Light -- Mazzy StarThe Blue Light -- Frank ZappaBlue Monday -- New OrderBlue Monday - ('88) -- New OrderBlue Monday (Original UK Release) -- New OrderThe Blue Nun -- The Beastie BoysBlue Savannah -- ErasureBlue Shadows -- The BlastersBlue Shadows On The Trail -- Randy NewmanBlue Skies -- Tom WaitsBlue Suede Shoes -- Frank ZappaBobby Brown -- Frank ZappaBobby Brown Goes Down -- Frank ZappaBobby Brown Goes Down (Live) -- Frank ZappaBrown Eyed Girl -- Van MorrisonBrown Moses -- Frank ZappaBrown Shoes Don't Make It -- Frank ZappaCan't Get Blue Monday Out Of My Head (Live) -- Kylie Minogue Vs. New OrderClear Blue Day In Limbo -- StewCome On Over Baby (All I Want Is You)  (Blacksmith Club Mix) -- Christina AguileraDevil with the Green Eyes -- Matthew SweetDevil With The Green Eyes (Remix) -- Matthew SweetDiminuendo In Blue And Blow By Blow -- Ella Fitzgerald &amp; Duke EllingtonDon't Eat The Yellow Snow -- Frank ZappaEvergreen -- Matthew SweetEverything's Gone Green -- New OrderFourteen Black Paintings -- Peter GabrielGet Whitey -- Frank ZappaGreen Book -- Steely DanGreen Earrings -- Steely DanGreen Flower Street -- Donald FagenGreen Grass of Tunnel -- MumGreen Grow The Rushes -- R.E.M.Green Onions -- Booker T. And the MG'sGreenback Dollar -- David ByrneGreensleeves -- Vanessa CarltonGreensleeves -- Vince Guaraldi TrioGrey Matter -- Oingo BoingoGrey Stripe -- Aphex TwinHer Eyes Are A Blue Million Miles -- Captain BeefheartHot Plate Heaven At The Green Hotel -- Frank ZappaHot-Plate Heaven At The Green Hotel -- Frank ZappaHotplate Heaven At The Green Hotel -- PersuasionsIn The Blue Of The Evening -- Bud PowellIstanbul (Not Constantinople) (Brownsville Mix) -- They Might Be GiantsThe Jimmy Carl Black Philosophy Lesson -- Frank ZappaJoan Miro's Procession Through The Insides Of A Purple Antelope Across A Sea Of Tuna Fish -- Adrian BelewLesson_2_The_James_Brown_Mix -- Steve "Steinski" Stein &amp; Douglas "Double Dee" DiFranco Let's Make the Water Turn Black -- Frank ZappaLet's Make The Water Turn Black/Harry, You're A Beast/The Orange County Lumber Truck -- Frank ZappaLime Green Sweater -- Negro ProblemA Little Green Rosetta -- Frank ZappaLong White Cadillac -- The BlastersMan In The Long Black Coat -- Joan OsborneMary C. Brown and the Hollywod Sign -- Dory PrevinMemories Of Green -- VangelisMr. Green Genes -- Frank ZappaMs. Pinky -- Frank ZappaThe Orange County Lumber Truck -- Frank ZappaThe Orange County Lumber Truck (Part I) -- Frank ZappaThe Orange County Lumber Truck (Part II) -- Frank ZappaOrange Rolls, Angel's Spits -- Sonic YouthOrange Wedge -- Chemical BrothersOranges -- They Might Be GiantsOranges Testimonial -- They Might Be GiantsPaint It Black -- Vanessa CarltonPink Cashmere -- PrincePink Cookies in a Plastic Bag Getting Crushed by Buildings - LP Version -- LL Cool JPink Cookies in a Plastic Bag Getting Crushed by Buildings - Remix -- LL Cool JPink Cookies In A Plastic Bag Getting Crushed By Buildings (Instrumental) -- LL Cool JPink Cookies In A Plastic Bag Getting Crushed By Buildings (LP Version) -- LL Cool JPink Cookies In A Plastic Bag Getting Crushed By Buildings (Remix Instrumental) -- LL Cool JPink Cookies In A Plastic Bag Getting Crushed By Buildings (Remix) -- LL Cool JPound For A Brown -- Frank ZappaA Pound For A Brown -- Frank Zappa7A Pound For A Brown (On The Bus) -- Frank ZappaA Pound for a Brown on the Bus -- Frank ZappaPound For A Brown Solos (1978) -- Frank ZappaPurple Haze -- Frank ZappaPurple Haze -- Jimi HendrixThe Purple Lagoon -- Frank ZappaThe Purple Lagoon/Approximate -- Frank ZappaPurple People -- Tori AmosPurple Rain -- PrincePurple Toupee -- They Might Be GiantsSay Goodbye To The Blacksheep -- The FurysShake It (Like A White Girl) -- Jesse JaymesThe Singularity: Your Future as a Black Hole -- Bruce SterlingSon Of Mr. Green Genes -- Frank ZappaSon Of Orange County -- Frank ZappaSoul Sister Brown Sugar -- Sam &amp; DaveStormy Pinkness -- They Might Be GiantsTime Is Tight/Hiphugger/Green Onions -- Paul ShafferTruckdrivin' Neighbors Downstairs (Yellow Sweat) -- BeckTwo Dozen And One Greyhounds (Medley) -- The SimpsonsWhat Does Your Sould Look Like (Part 1-Blue Sky Revisit) / Transmission 3 -- DJ ShadowWhat's That Blue Thing Doing Here? -- They Might Be GiantsThe White Boy Troubles -- Frank ZappaWhite Blur -- Aphex TwinWhite Blur 2 -- Aphex Twin(White Man) In Hammersmith Palais -- The ClashWhite Pepper Ice Cream -- Cibo MattoWhite Person -- Frank ZappaWhite Riot -- The ClashWild Blue Seas -- Single Gun TheoryWilliam Brown -- Randy NewmanYellow Butterfly -- Michael NesmithYellow Jacket -- VenturesYellow Man -- Randy NewmanYellow Peril -- Steely DanYellow Submarine -- The Beatles
Colors of the iTunes RainbowThis weekend Stew will be appearing at the Adams Avenue Street Fair. Sunday. I'm gonna be there. Can't wait.

Previously: Stew plays, Joe Mulls.

Love that Stew!Stew SundayEverything's a bit blurry. But we have new couches as of Tuesday. Leah made Adas Polo Rice the other day. That was great. Classes going well. The rat-a-tat Spanish teacher is still rat-a-tat. Killing 'em in C++ class. Technical writing is good. Enjoying my work (it's painless and simple) and my freelance too. And Stew will be here Sunday. Marriage? not yet. Still talking about what the heck marriage is. Leah feeling better after being under the weather. We also saw Wimbledon last weekend and enjoyed it. Lite confection of a movie. My Mom will be staying with us next weekend -- she has a class reunion to attend. They were roofing this week next door - the NOISE! Bas was pretty shaken up, but he's chilled out now.

And that's it for today. Trying to get back in the swing of writing here.Stream-of-consciousnessI came across this C++ Tutorial. I'll be reading it. It's nowhere near as useful as Roedy Green's Java pages, but it'll do in a pinch.

More work done, another week nearly over.

I need to take a couch to the dump and go to work!C++ TutorialSo today is coming to a close. Started out with a trip to the dump!  Then a drive up to see a football game featuring two of Leah's kids. Then lunch at the Cheesecake Factory (Cobb Salad). We then saw Mr. 3000 (not bad) and made our way home. Herculean driving of the 170 miles (that's just one way) by Leah.

So tired. Tomorrow: spring cleaning in the cabinets, and then Stew!

Also, C++ homework and Spanish homework. Oh, and a wee bit of freelance. I have some invoices to... er... invoice.

G'night!

Oh yeah, Joelle put up a photo of Leah and I at Rock The Walk. We look about as good as could be expected having had a long day and being out of shape white people. :-) We wish her well in her endeavor to do the AIDS Walk thing tomorrow morning!Panorama City Is The Place To Be And I Say That Unironically

GODvsBUSH Originally uploaded by artlung.

Silly projection of the recent hurricanes (Ivan, Charley, Frances) onto a map of which counties voted for Bush or Gore.

A fun forward from my friend Erin."God vs. Bush?"So yesterday Leah and I went and saw Stew at the Adams Ave Street Fair as promised. He was wonderful as always. He also mentiond a little fun fact about having a song on TV tomorrow -- which is to say today. So here's the 411, direct from the Stew camp:


last time we had a song on a teen oriented tv show we got tons of email from adults who just "happened to have the tv on at the time and heard your music" along with alot of folks who "never watch that show but just happened to be watching it that night to see what all the talk was about." But the best email we got was from someone who said they were watching tv with the sound down and then heard our song...really.

Now you don't need an excuse for watching such a show. we've just given you one. Actually i've heard Everwood is a cool show. I don't watch prime time tv so i dont know but i'll be watching this monday at 9pm. Word has it that if you dont dig tv you should tune in 45 minutes into the show. we're on close to the end.

you have been notified.

everwood
this monday
9pm
WB network


I'm pretty sure I'll be outta class by then.Stew song on Everwood tonight!A few weeks ago I got an email from the people doing promotions of Joel Spolsky's new book -- they wanted to send me a free copy since I've linked to Joel so many times over the years. Hey, I like free stuff. I suppose this is what's called a "review copy." Well, I'm happy to have a copy I can cart around and read in the tub -- as opposed to his site, which I can't really read in the bathtub.

The book is conveniently titled Joel On Software, after his site, Joel on Software. It's great stuff about software engineering, how to write documentation, and more. It's particularly apropos right now because it ties into the Technical Writing class I'm taking at City College.

I also am happy to see The Joel Test in print. It's been quite a while since I originally read it. Perhaps I should make some copies of that one to send to some of my friends.

Well, yesterday I downloaded and listened to this interview with Joel on IT Conversations. More good food for thought. I particularly like the part where they talk about how FogBUGZ is built in VBScript and they paid an intern to write a VBScript compiler that could spit out PHP. So when they update the VBScript, they can "emit" (I have never heard that verb with regards to software development) a web based version whenever they want it. Really cool stuff. I sense that Joel is the kind of developer I would love to buy a beer. I bet he's got great war stories.

Anyway, go buy his book man! Totally worth a read.Joel on Software: the book! the interview! the dessert topping!I put my latest pix of stew (from yesterday's show) up on my flickr site. Latest Stew PhotosThe entrails of my self are all over the place right now.

My mother comes Friday -- she's going to a reunion this weekend and staying with Leah and me. We're in a bit of disarray right now, so we have a bit more cleaning to do.

Counseling today went well. Learning so much it makes me cry. A lot of work is happening, man. Work is hard.

Technical Writing class good. I'm in a group and we're writing a manual about the Library at City College.

C++ is good - - though not as OO oriented as I might have hoped. Still, "call-by-reference" made my head hurt the other night in class.

Spanish is Spanish. Working on Past tense and lots of busy, er... practice work.

The part time job is exactly what I hoped it would be. When I'm not there, I don't worry about it. Which is precisely the kind of job a boy like me needs.

Quote of the day: Don't be a "guy" -- be a "man" -- anyone can be a "guy" -- from ...say anything.

I make mistakes. Lots of them. Supposedly this helps me learn. Why's it got to be so hard? Phew.Phew.Leah and I went to class in a rush, we had an outline due tonight. But alas! No class. I suspect our teacher played hooky to watch the presidential debate.

Ah well, more time to prepare the house for the imminent arrival of my mom, tomorrow.DebateJust posted this to a mailing list:

There's so much hype and mystique about what the Semantic Web could be, might be, will be -- I am particularly taken with a new series of articles (still unfolding) on xml.com about Paul Ford's work on actually trying to *build* semantic web applications.

* Screenscraping the Senate

* Uncle Sam's Semantic Web


"The United States government and the Semantic Web are a perfect match: imagine all of those senators and representatives, each query-able by age, party affiliation, bills proposed, committee membership, and voting record. For the last few years, I've wanted to collect as much data on the U.S. government as I could, convert it to RDF, and build a site and a web service that make it possible to explore that data. This will be my goal over the next year, and I'll document my progress here on XML.com."
...
"Does creating a Semantic Web of data make it easier to analyze and explore that data in new ways? In addition to testing the Semantic Web concept, if all goes well, I'll have a nicely organized map of the U.S. government, structured using publicly available ontologies, available in a single, reliable format (RDF), which anyone can incorporate into their own Semantic Web projects. It seems worth trying."
Semantic WebMy sister wrote me something the other day and I'm going to share it here.


I  saw Morrissey play at DAR Constitution Hall tonight and I had this welling of emotion when he came out. Anyway, it's hard to put it into words without it sounding a bit silly, but thanks for taking me to see  him in 1992 in that tiny place in C-ville. I was 15 and you were 22! I am forever in your debt.


Dag, that was 12 years ago, in Charlottesville Virginia. I was so proud to be able to take my sister. and the show was wonderful. At the time I was working as a Respiratory Therapist for the University of Virginia Medical Center. My those were heady times for me. My first apartment. Alone in a new town. It was a great treat to see Morrissey at the peak of his game as a solo artist.MorrisseyQuote of the day:


They deceived us about the weapons of mass destruction, that's true. We were taken for a ride.

- ALEKSANDER KWASNIEWSKI (translated)


Mr. Kwasniewski is the President of Poland. (via ABC Australia)What about Poland?Clarity is a gift you can sometimes give yourself.

But more often it's a gift you receive by the grace of others.

Thank you Leah.

Thank you Mom.

OnwardClarityThe Cars ... Don't cha stop

right here I'd like to melt inside of you
right here your kiss is totally new
right here your hands are soft and creamy
right here your mouth is wet and dreamy

and it's just what I like
so dim down the light
(don't cha stop don't cha stop)
(don't cha stop don't cha stop)
if it makes you feel good
(don't cha stop don't cha stop)
(don't cha stop don't cha stop)
(don't cha stop don't cha stop)
(don't cha stop don't cha stop)Lyrics of the WeekNo, no estoy muerto. Estoy estudiando. I'm chilling out. Thanks for the concern.

Man, I had such a week.

Monday I kicked ass on a Spanish test. I studied, and did well.

A little client work, but not a whole bunch, actually.

A bit of friction at the part-time gig. Communication is hard man. I don't do as well with HR as I do with my tech co-workers.

Man, I really love building websites. even ones I'm never going to see in action, behind passwords. Even ones I'm never going to put in a portfolio of mine. It's gratifying work. And man, I'm so happy I've started doing "Daily reports" at the p/t gig. What's a "Daily Report?" Okay here goes... I worked at Jamison/Gold for several years. It was a wonderful time for me. I got to work on HTML at a time when the technology and browsers were changing and dynamic.

Part of that job was delivering, via email, a "daily report" -- as I remember it, we were asked to tell the two founders and the main project manager what we had done that day, what ideas we had, what frustrations we had, what successes we had, how we worked with others, everything. In retrospect, I loved that. It was a way of venting off the frustrations of the day for me. It was a way to keep a tally of our thoughts, for the managers, it was a way to keep track of what we were up to, what ideas we had, and when we left for the day.

These days it's a way for me to keep the promise to myself that I leave the p/t gig at work. When I walk out of there I've committed everything to CVS, I've put all my thoughts into bugzilla, and I've reported status to those there. If I got hit by lightning they know what I was up to. It's so cool to go in there and listen to my Steely Dan, Ben Folds, Frank Zappa, The Cars, et. al., work like crazy. When the time's up, I'm out of there and on to my life. Off to my studies. Off to my Leah. Off to the next part of my life. For so long my work was my life. No longer.

Well, perhaps that's not entirely true. Web technology is a big part of how I program, interact with people, and get news. But the perspective I'm gaining lately in personal and educational areas of my life is splashing over to professional areas.

Right now Leah is working on some gifts for her kids for Christmas. It's so cool to watch her work. Earlier she was painting. I love that woman.

I have some bad news. My sister's cat -- Ferris -- died this week. Eighteen years old! My mother had to put her down. It must have been 17 years ago or so that I drew this: ferris in repose. Ferris could have had a whole blog on her own. The cat cheated death several times. Sometime maybe I'll tell you about the time I pulled Ferris out of the engine compartment of a 1985-ish Toyota Camry.

Time marches on y'all. Sorry for the light posting. I obviously can't promise that this blog will be up-to-date the way it once was. But suffice it to say that my life is interesting.

Take care you guys.Octubre SurpriseWas it back in June? Dang.

Today I'm puttering.

Puttering is what Leah calls it when I work on miscellaneous stuff. It may include, but is not limited to: doing dishes, doing laundry, organizing my comics, taking a bath, doing homework, blogging, doing invoices, rearranging furniture, alphabetizing tapes and CDs (not anymore, that's what iTunes is for), throwing out the trash, cleaning up cat poop.

Today I'm doing a few of these, but not nearly all of them.

One thing I've been meaning to write about was the Reality Show I auditioned for.

I found some old notes I had taken on the directions to the studio.

It was back in June. There was a posting to craigslist, Leah forwarded it to me. I sent an email to some anonymous address, and I got a call like a few hours later.

Surreal.

I asked Leah if I should call back. She asked me how I felt. I said "strange." I wasn't expecting an answer, and yet here it was.

I called back, and got an audition.

I "auditioned" on a Monday. Showed up for a 1pm meeting.

No, I didn't ever really talk about it here. Caution I guess. The subject of the show was weight loss.

First thing I did when I arrived at the studios in Manhattan Beach on the Raleigh Studios lot was go in the main gate and park in the designated "visitors area." Nice security guard lady gave me a generic parking pass. I parked, and made my way to 3Ball Productions.

They gave me a 10 page (or so, I didn't count) questionnaire. So many questions. I took some notes about it. It asked me if I ever hit anyone. It asked the typical "job interview" questions: what are your strengths? what are your weaknesses?

It also asked if I had ever been featured on any websites. This was around the part of the questionnaire where they asked if I would have any objections to putting my family on camera. I specifically said "only if they agree to it." This was also the area where they asked about felony convictions.

I sort of figured that all the websites I take part in would basically disqualify me, but I felt as though I had a shot. I'm an energetic, personable overweight guy. I'm a great candidate!

As I was filling out the questionnaire, in the nondescript office block, I could see and overhear the production assistants and staff talking about "The Terminal" and what kind of numbers it did over the weekend. L.A. never changes -- people love to talk about box office figures. I also overheard them talking about Wes Anderson, which was sort of cool.

The questionnaire must've taken about 45 minutes. I handed it to a redheaded female PA in flipflops. She takes it to an office and (presumably) to the producers for review.

Afterwards an East Coast guy (nice guy) comes out and takes me to a small room. This was the on-camera (camcorder) interview. The guy was personable, and had read my questionnaire, sort of playing talk show host from behind the camera as I answered, on-camera. It was sort of fun. It was so self-conscious for a while, then it was fine. That is the same feeling I got being on the radio. It's intimidating, but strangely natural. Not that I want to spend lots of time in the media spotlight, but I could do it if I needed to.

The thing I remember most about the interview, 5 months on, is that I told the guy about blogs and said he should check out Defamer (the snarky Nick Denton L.A. entertainment blog). Who knows? Maybe he did. He had not really heard of blogs before. I guess I can't stop evangelizing blogs, even when just talking about myself.

After the 30-minutes-or-so interview I said good-bye and made my way home.

The show I think is this one The Biggest Loser, which matches what I was told about the format and matches the production company. At the time they didn't know what the show's title was going to be about.

It's a mixed blessing to be rejected from a show called "The Biggest Loser."

And that, kids, was my experience in Reality-TV-land.

Okay, back to puttering.Reality ShowMy hero, Bruce Sterling (his blog) says in his latest Viridian Note:


The going is getting weird. The weird are turning pro.

I have been asked to take a year-long guest residency, teaching design at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California.

This school is in the Los Angeles basin, the epicenter of Southern Californian car culture, the etymological origin of the term "smog," and a metroplex that arm-wrestles Houston every year for the crown of the most  polluted city in the USA.  If there's a heart to the Greenhouse beast, well, it can't be far from Pasadena.

I'm taking the job.  It's time to become the change we want to see.

For the year 2005, the Viridian Pope-Emperor is becoming a design professor.  I have a number of ambitious developments in mind for Viridian list, because, starting January, design will become my career.  I'm leaving Texan and I'm becoming Californian.  For a while, anyhow.

The Pope-Emperor asks your prayers.


My friend Chris and I used to dream of attending that school. He for transportation design, me for advertising or painting. The fact that Bruce Sterling is going to be living in Southern California makes the little hamster-in-the-wheel in my brain start running faster and faster and faster.

To a certain percentage of people, I suspect this is huge news. I know it is to me.Bruce Sterling to teach design at Art Center PasadenaA correspondent named Imelda writes:

Thank you for helping us solve the flash mind reader puzzle - my two children were starting to believe in the "magic"  - and I wanted to let them know it was a scientific/mathmatic solution.

No need to contact back.  Just a big thanks.


It was a delight to write my Flash Mind Reader debunking piece. Glad you enjoyed it!My Favorite Kind Of FeedbackMy favorite quote from this weekend is from Roger Ebert's review of Team America: World Police:


If I were asked to extract a political position from the movie, I'd be baffled. It is neither for nor against the war on terrorism, just
dedicated to ridiculing those who wage it and those who oppose it. The White House gets a free pass, since the movie seems to think Team America makes its own policies without political direction.

I wasn't offended by the movie's content so much as by its nihilism. At a time when the world is in crisis and the country faces an important election, the response of Parker, Stone and company is to sneer at both sides -- indeed, at anyone who takes the current world situation seriously. They may be right that some of us are puppets, but they're wrong that all of us are fools, and dead wrong that it doesn't matter.


I mean, say what you like about the tenets of National Socialism, Dude, at least it's an ethos. No, Donny, these men are nihilists. There's nothing to be afraid of.
"Catastrophisizing" is the word I learned today.

It's a habit, and not much of a real word, but the meaning is clear enough.

And it's a habit I inflict on others, and more, myself.

It's not my job to fix you or teach you a lesson.CatastrophisizingAnother week is whizzing by at a frantic and learn-a-rific rate.

Some new LAMP Host clients upcoming.

New changes over at WebSanDiego.org coming up.

Doing great in Spanish Class, C++ tambien. Printing a group project for Technical Writing as we speak.

My xhtml + css chops are improving daily.

The p/t gig is just fine. Got paid. Man what a load off my mind that was!

Therapy was wonderful Wednesday. Rain was awful. Listen to the rhythm of the falling rain, telling me just what a fool I've been.

My cuz who lives in Korea (not the Northern one) is in town now.

Also some of my Georgia relations are in town this weekend. Wacky confluence of travel arrangements and football games.

And man, Leah has been painting up a storm. I sure hope she puts some photos of her work up soon.

Time's up. Class in 30.

(Oh, and my favorite song this minute is "Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On)" by Talking Heads, thus the title of this post)Born Under PunchesI just spent 45 minutes tearing apart a broken $30 Wal-Mart DVD player. It stubbornly stopped working. Stopped playing. Stopped ejecting. Stopped even letting the tiny green LED light when plugged in. It just got broke.

So I was going to, you know, throw it away. But I couldn't remember if I had left a DVD in there.

Seeing as how it would not turn on, this was a problem.

In some sense it's a Schr&ouml;dinger's cat type phemonenon. There both is and is not a DVD in the dead player when I'm not sure there's a DVD in there. So in some sense a tiny kitty will die if I don't manage to open the DVD player.

Problem is, the damn thing will not open, no obvious manual switches. I unscrew a few screws, but the front plate won't budge. I use a large pair of scissors to get rid of the plastic, stubborn, front plate. I had to wrestle with it a great deal. I hurt my hands. Screwdrivers, scissors, a bit of swearing.

And...

And...

No DVD inside.

And that, kids, is how I spent 45 minutes this morning.

I'm going to enjoy discarding that DVD player.Joe's natural enemy: Broken $30 DVD PlayerOn the eve of a national election here in the United States, I feel as though all things are changing.

From Wikipedia: Lever:


In physics, a lever is a rigid object that is used with an appropriate fulcrum or pivot point to multiply the mechanical force that can be applied to another object. This is also termed mechanical advantage, and is one example of the principle of moments. The principle of leverage can also be derived using Newton's laws of motion and modern statics.


It feels as though all things are about to change.

Change is already occurring,

On Saturday Leah's kids played the last football game of their season.

On Sunday we changed from Daylight Savings to Standard Time.

Last week my part time gig moved offices.

The weekend before last I saw some family who had been thousands of miles away, for years. It was useful.

Last week it rained cats and dogs.

It's cold again in our house. The fan will be stored, and the heaters are coming out.

The cat is less crazy, and more snuggly. This proves, I think, that part of why he likes us is to maintain his body temperature. Yes, this is a cynical view. I admit he also likes us for the wet food.

School admission dates are happening now. I'll not state where I'm applying for the moment. But they're all in the Los Angeles area. Yes, that change will happen.

Today Leah got word that she's gotten a job in the L.A. area starting in January! I'm excited! Time is changing.

I intend fo have some party's here in San Diego before we move. Maybe people can come see our killer Sherman Heights place before we go. Maybe we'll even make it a rent party!

And I've not even mentioned the election yet.

Tomorrow I, and my my fellow Americans have the opportunity to participate in a process that has lasted for centuries. An imperfect, complex process. A wonderful, scary process. A process that makes us the greatest democratic republic on the planet.

Lord help us, I hope the process works. And I pray that there will be a clear winner, and that the divisiveness that the Republican Party and President Bush have fomented these past four years will begin to fade into memory.

My fear of course is that it will get worse before it gets better.

But we stand at a pivot point in time, where great power may shift.

Do your part to help shift that power. Vote for John Kerry for President.

And please, wish Leah and I luck in our future. I have grown so much in the past year. I'm ready for the next version of myself.

Onward, and to victory!Pivot PointLeah and I are going to the polls in a few minutes.

I support John Kerry I oppose George W. Bush

This post is for Technorati Blog Votes [found via Backup Brain ]Voting in a few minutes; Technorati

Joe on the way to Utah Originally uploaded by artlung.This photo is from 2002. Though it seemed like we had major Presidential change coming. It ain't so.As William Gibson noted on his blog, quoting Virgil: "dis aliter visum" -- "the gods thought otherwise."

Best thing I've read today is over on waxy.org: Greg Knauss on the Political Dividedis aliter visumThis morning I learned that a timbit is a donut hole. In Canada, eh.

[via Marry an American.ca]Timbits = Doughnut HoleYes, It's been quiet in here.

Catching up a little.Quietjust posted this to websandiego mailing list:


I don't know.

What it feels like that with my personal involvement down to nominal levels, the feeling of "action" on the list is much less than it used to be. So people simply don't *think* to post to the list.

There's a pile of to-do's for me in here, as well as in other parts of my life, and I've not the energy to do them. I've failed to delegate these, as well.

I'm wondering if maybe what we need is to "hot-tub" the list:

Or do something else.

As it is, it's very quiet, and not as vibrant as it once had been.

People used to always credit me with the greatness of the list, and I have always demurred. It is the contributions of the list-at-large that make the list great. If the list is sucking or not as great as it once was, it's not me, but rather a dimunition of the contributions of the list as a whole.

As it is, I am too consumed with 1) school and 2) my personal life to devote to this list the level of commitment and effort that I once did.

What are your thoughts on the future of WebSanDiego?
What happened to WebSanDiego?Great H.L. Mencken Quote, via the Interesting People List


When a candidate for public office faces the voters he does not face men of sense; he faces a mob of men whose chief distinguishing mark is that they are quite incapable of weighing ideas, or even of comprehending any save the
most elemental -- men whose whole thinking is done in terms of emotion, and whose dominant emotion is dread of what they cannot understand. So confronted, the candidate must either bark with the pack, or count himself lost. His one aim is to disarm suspicion, to arouse confidence in his orthodoxy, to avoid challenge. If he is a man of convictions, of enthusiasm, or self-respect, it is cruelly hard...

The larger the mob, the harder the test. In small areas, before small electorates, a first rate man occasionally fights his way through, carrying even a mob with him by the force of his personality. But when the field is nationwide, and the fight must be waged chiefly at second or third hand, and the force of personality cannot so readily make itself felt, then all the odds are on the man who is, intrinsically the most devious and mediocre -- the man who can most adeptly disperse the notion that his mind is a virtual vacuum.

The Presidency tends, year by year, to go to such men. As democracy is perfected, the office represents, more and more closely, the inner soul of the people. We move toward a lofty ideal. On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their hearts desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron.


-- H.L. Mencken, The Baltimore Evening Sun, July 26, 1920Quote of the Day
"If A equals success, then the formula is A equals X plus Y plus Z. X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut."

-- Albert EinsteinQuote of the DayThis is not really new, but it's something I want to do more work on. Much of the code is in C++ (the topic of a current class I'm taking), so maybe this is worth looking over very closely.  Analysis of an Electronic Voting System from February 27, 2004, by Tadayoshi Kohno, Adam Stubblefield, Aviel, D. Rubin, Dan S. Wallach.Report on Diebold Voting MachinesLyrics of the moment (from The Drug Suite by Stew):


adams and crenshaw is beautiful and we
are
laughing in the sun
we parachute into church so we can sing
before
practice is done
when we raise our voice
stoned angels weep
i can feel the holy ghost
creeping up on me
and suddenly there is a meaning
arlington hill helped me see everything
cause suddenly there is a meaning
everything's alright
everything's alright
everything's alright
Arlington HillLeah has four paintings for sale. Wonderful pieces. Check 'em out.Paintings, Get Yer Paintings!

lung illustration
Originally uploaded by artlung.

the LUNG part of artLUNG dot com is not something I worry about much, but occasionally I come across illustrations or sites that are interesting go me. so i'm hard-drive cleaning, and i cleaned this one off to flickr. heaven knows whose copyrights I'm violating, but it's a cool illustration i picked up months ago.

the end.lungsAmazing few months. No blogging.

Some updates:

House-hunting in Moorpark -- some good leads!

Thanksgiving: wonderful, great turkey

Movies: The Incredibles, I Heart Huckabees - loved; Bridget Jones - hated it

Classes: quite good, but busy. In C++ I'm one of the last 6 people left. Spanish - doing fine. Technical Writing, really enjoying it.

Weather: cold! too cold!

Activity on San Diego Blog -- nearly none. Sad, yes. But it takes a second banana role to everything else.

Leah is taking care of business -- her job in LA is set for January 3. We will move soon.

Did some cleanup on this website. I'm looking for work in the LA area - specifically in Ventura County and the San Fernando Valley. Anyone have leads? Check out my Resume and Portfolio.

Did I mention it's cold?

Give a Holler if you see any terrible errors with the new design.

Take care.

Onward.

Homeward Bound.I've talked about my old Amiga 1000 before, and I'm talking about it again now. It was a great computer for its time. One of the great parts of it was the software.

There was an awesome music-making software called Instant Music for the Amiga which allowed one to compose music as easily as one can draw with a mouse, in color. Different colors represented different instruments, and the timeline ticked along. Not unlike how GarageBand works. The screen looked a bit like this, though this is a screenshot from the Apple IIgs:



I found this blog post which talks about the similarities between ACID, GarageBand, and Instant Music.

Well, a few weeks ago I uploaded two songs I made in my teens with Instant Music. They are being made avaiilable on the Internet Archive: Audio Section with Creative Commons licenses.

So here's the actual downloads to the songs, for your quizzical listening "pleasure."

(If anyone has a reader for the Instant Music let me know, I have files I want to decode.)Archive.org Audio and Instant MusicOn the main page of this blog I used to have a giant list of links.

Well, that list is no more, and I'm even removing it from the side of the links page.

Since it was last updated on 15 March 2004 it's a good bet I'm not going to maintain any such list anymore. If you're cool, and I read you, maybe I want to mention you in the blog.

So, below is the list of those links... archived for posterity...

webhosting
the whir
webhostingtalk

regular reads

bruce sterling
backup brain
boingboing
comics journal
diveintomark
doc searls
defective yeti
emese
freshair
haughey's nothing
howling point
j-walk
kynn's blogs
kottke.org
leahpeah
mitch wagner
many2many
memepool.com
oliver willis
philg
rc3.org
strong bad email
tim bray
vistaseeker
waxy
yahoo.most.emailed

miscellaneous cool
advogato
asktog
allen smith
bronson
brett.icann
brainstorms+raves
bob sturm
ben-der,radical
busblog
camworld
codergirl
cryptogram
criticalmas
djc@bimb
dack
digitelle
don norman
electroglyph
electromute
evhead
ellison.seafoam
fcd/weblog
hedgehog
haughey.com
hugh/hotfeet
miss humm
head lemur
ip-list
jwz
joanna m
joanie
jeff nagy
joel on software
janece.workings
kneeding
kelly abbott
kynn
leah p
layaya
lester
margotwinters
mark martin
mike roufa
oblomovka
philip greenspun
pinguino
politech
rudy.ca
rebeccablood
rini.org
shock&amp;awe
stephaniewest
scott mccloud
shirky
snowdesign
steve+natty
sigler
tara cleveland
techniquelle
the onion
tom tomorrow
tom bickle
voz37 diary
voidmstr
viridian design
will edwards
zeldman

infojunky
aintitcoolnews
a list apart
alltheweb
amazon
answerbus
alertbox
babelfish
dictionary.com
dmoz.org
evolt.org
google.news
google
imdb
macintouch
metafilter
slashdot
tomalak's realm
wikipedia

blog-resources
blogdex
blogger
blogwise
daypop
popdex
technoratiSidebar Links, Goodbye!At one time I was quite the night owl. Used to love working nights. Now I'm up at 12:45am and all I want to do is sleep.

Or maybe do some programming. Heh.

Good night y'all!Late NightI should have gone to bed. In composing an invite list for a party this month (the 18th) I accidentually sent the list in composition to half the list, with nary an explanation.

Now that is a breach of netiquette.

So for those of you I confused, I apologize.

And if you want to come to a happening pre-marital, pre-moving, pre-post-san-diego shindig on the 18th, drop me a line.

I'm obviously incompetent to draft a guest list at 1:45 in the morning.

Good grief Charlie Brown!Good grief!People often ask me how I learned all these magic tricks. The answer is books, of course. The books that follow are the crucial books in my education in the ways of the World Wide Web. There are more books - but these are the desert island books.

Web development:
Teach Yourself Web Publishing with HTML 4 in 14 Days : Second Professional Reference Edition  by Laura Lemay. I cut my teeth on the HTML 3.2 Professional Reference Edition. It weighs more than a Yugo - but it's really good. Creating Killer Websites by David Siegel. David Siegel is a controversial figure in the history of the web - but his book is a look at the web by a person who cares about look, about branding, and about narrative experience. As such his work is absolutely crucial to understanding web design from the pov of a designer. HTML Reference Card by James C. Armstrong. Published by SSC, this little reference was so damn handy to me as a beginning HTML codemonkey I can honestly say that I would not know what I do now without it. It only covers to HTML 3.2 - and no 4.0 card seems to be forthcoming (rats!) - but it's still a great value. Database Backed Web Sites : The Thinking Person's Guide to Web Publishing by Philip Greenspun is everything a technical book should be. It made me think as it made me laugh. Of course, it's out of print (spotting a trend here?). However, Mr. Greenspun has written a followup - Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing. Recommended Information Architecture for the World Wide Web by Louis Rosenfeld and Peter Morville is a more recent entry into the canon - but it's a book which forces you to think about websites in a more structured manner. The important text for learning to design for the WWW isn't a book at all. Jakob Nielsen's UseIt.com is a great resource for thinking of the web as an information space. He does have some books in the pipeline (Designing Websites With Authority : Secrets of an Information Architect) - which I bet will be good. He's a great thinker -- if I can be said to have a philosophy of the web -- it's a melding of the ideas of Jakob Nielsen and David Siegel.

Graphics &amp Visual Communications:
MacWorld PhotoShop 3 Bible by Deke McClelland is a winner - it is, of course, out of print. However, there are versions for PhotoShop 4 and PhotoShop 5. McClelland has an easygoing style that's very friendly to the novice - I suggest browing in a BookStar, Barnes &amp Noble, or your local technical bookstore before buying though. I haven't kept up with the PhotoShop books. Illustrator 5.5/6.0 Bible  by Ted Aspach - also a book which has grown with the times. The first bit of the book teaches the concept of vector graphics better than any other book I've seen so far. See also Illustrator 7 Bible and Illustrator 8 Bible. Understanding Comics: The Invisible Art, by by Scott McCloud is a subtle work of genius. If you consider yourself a visual person, you owe it to yourself to read this book. In the bookstores sometimes you'll find it in art, sometimes with the comics - and both are correct. Highest ArtLung Recommendation.

Programming:
Javascript for the World Wide Web (Visual Quickstart Guide Series)  by Ted Gesing. The first version of the book is really good. It's got this really nice map of the JavaScript object hierarchy - and as such it's a great reference. Also crucial is the 2nd Edition of the book. JavaScript for the World Wide Web: Visual QuickStart Guide, Second Edition by Tom Negrino and Dori Smith. Very well written &quot;first taste&quot; of JavaScript Javascript : The Definitive Guide by David Flanagan is an O'Reilly book - which pretty much says it all. An excellent reference. A Class act. Always close to my desk. Learning Perl (2nd Edition) by Randal L. Schwartz and Tom Christiansen, with a foreward by Larry Wall is a great place to start with Perl. After that, you can move to the online resources I like: http://www.perl.org, http://www.cgi-resources.com, and http://www.scriptsearch.com.

Business:
Web and New Media Pricing Guide by Jp Frenza and Michelle Szabo is out of print. Pity, because it's a really good guide to Multimedia and Web Production - from small to large projects. If you click the link you might try clicking on the authors names to see if they have anything else coming out. It would be worth a close look. Despite the cheesy subtitle, the Pricing Guide for Web Services : How to Make Money on the Information Data Highway by Robert C. Brenner is another great book for the freelancer. It'll help you answer that eternal question: &quot;What do I charge?&quot; Books for Web Folk (1999)http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/2008424/

Leah and Sky in 2002 x 2 Originally uploaded by artlung.

Have I mentioned that we're gonna get married? No? Well, we are, in Las Vegas, on the 21st.

Partnerships rock.Leah and Sky in 2002 x 2Lots more site changes happening. Pages removed, some redirects set up. You can still get to older stuff on the excellent web.archive.org, specifically by going to the archive of artlung.com.

There's been so much stuff I've put up here on the site for so long, and it's time to put this house in order.

The portfolio is still changing and being added to, and I moved pictures of my former cat in the photos area.

Some of the more recent posts are older content that had no home, so boom!, they get sucked into the blog.

It's raining now, just a little. Appointments and class today. I'm keeping busy.

Thanks for the well-wishes, all. Leah and I are pretty excited!

Okay, onward.Site changinghttp://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/2028921/

Where I was baptized a CatholicOriginally uploaded by artlung.I don't often think of it, but I am a Catholic.I am also a Buddhist, an Agnostic, and a Freethinker.But I am definitely a Catholic.What does that mean?Well, that's part of the ongoing struggle, right? To embrace spirituality without abandoning reason. To embrace religion without succumbing to the tendency to judge others. To be part of a community without walling oneself off from those who think differently than you.It's a strange feeling to have lucked into living a mile away from where I was baptized at a time when I was in spiritual turmoil. There's some meaning there that I can't quite escape, despite my highly skeptical tendencies. I'm very happy about the happenstance. Kismet, you might say. Karma, perhaps. The Hand of G-d, maybe.Big wheel keep on turning.My folks are flying into town Friday night for the 60th (with a SIXTY) Anniversary of my Dad's parents. It will be great to see them, and to celebrate this great achievement.Okay, the day needs to start now.Be well, all.Where I was baptized a CatholicLeah summarizes our life right now perfectly.

That girl, she makes me laugh.What She SaidOver on San Diego Blog, you can now easily suggest a site via the new, dedicated form.Suggest a Site to San Diego BlogI really liked the movie Ray. What an American story!

Thomas P M Barnett is a great thinker about geopolitics.

Bruce Schneier is a great thinker about security.

Mark Cuban is a raucous thinker about business.

Pre-marital aka couples counseling was a great experience for Leah and I.

Want to listen to some great authors talk? Wired For Books has the hookup. [via]

I intend at some point to purchase Tony Pierce's book, How to Blog.

Want to listen to some Stew for free? KCRW has the hookup.

Speaking of cool stuff to listen to -- if you're into technology, you could do worse than IT Conversations, despite the fact that some of the regulars (I'm looking at you, Gillmor Gang!) are too obsessed with blogging and podcasting and RSS and Dave Winer. But the tech gossip is good. It's where I first heard Thomas Barnett.

Leah has paintings for sale. We can keep them with us, but maybe they'd like to go to good homes?

Those who chortled at the death of Yassir Arafat make me cringe. The man was a human being.

Kynn has totally changed his life around. Made the transition from homeowner to RV-owner.

Matt Haughey, the fellow who first told me I should be blogging, will be a father. That is so cool.

School is both easier than I remember and harder than I remember. Time management remains the bane of my existence.

Everytime I hear Richard Ben Cramer speak about his book How Israel Lost, it makes me want to read the book more. I think this interview on npr with Cramer highlights what's funny and sad about the whole conflict. I think that conflict, particularly the history of Lebanon, holds lessons for us about Iraq.

I love the card game Mao -- which I've rediscovered after years of un-use. I intend to put the rules up on this site at some point.

I'm delighted that if you google for bruce sterling art center I'm the first site. I look forward to some public speeches and maybe seminars I can wiggle my way into.

I still like reading Bruce Sterling and William Gibson, and now they have blogs, both of them: Bruce and Bill.

I think that's good for now. Have a great day y'all!Things I have Not Blogged About BeforeSo we're sitting and vegetating a little bit, watching some TV.

Leah goofily says "we're getting married" -- with a big ol' grin.

"Everybody says so."

And I reply: "that's right."

We're a bit giddy right now, it's true.The Big Ol' GrinDavenetics checked the alphabet with the new Google Suggest. I had to check the numbers out.

1 - 1
2 - 2004 Election
3 - 3m
4 - 411
5 - 50cent (hollah!)
6 - 60 minutes
7 - 7th Heaven
8 - 89.com (which seems to be some kind of porn portal -- likely an oversight)
9 - 911
0 - 02

And even the period gets into the act:
. - .com

Other characters like comma, percent sign, and dollar sign and pound mark (sometimes known as "hash") didn't do anything. Google Suggest just laid there like a dead fish.

And slashdot got dissed: "/" brings no suggestions. Poor /.Google Suggest ASCIIConceptual Art At EduPoint, 2000The worst candy I ever ate in my life was called "Giga" and came from Sweden from my co-worker Ingrid. This is what the packaging looks like so you can avoid it:



It was salty, very salty. I don't remember any "sweet" to speak of.

That was back in 2001.

The Worst Candy I Ever Ate In My Life

...in case you were wondering.How To Say "ArtLung" Phonetically

My very own name record! From sometime in the 1970s on "My Name Records."

The story goes that my father had faith in me that I could run a little turntable even though I was like 3 or 4 years old. I've been trusted with technology ever since. My former roommate Erin recorded it to mp3 and I encoded it for the web in February 2003.

You can listen to the audio here: "Joseph, Joseph"

http://artlung.com/soundmedia/1975ish-joseph-joseph.mp3My Name RecordsGood, if busy day today. Multiple projects on multiple fronts.

My folks left this morning (early!) for Virginia.

It was great to see them, even if briefly.

The party for the 60th Anniversary for my Grandparents was awesome. Poker til late. I lost money but had fun.

Poker game names are bewildering. So much to learn for a novice (which I am not, but this does not prevent me losing). Texas Hold 'Em (of course, what with the fad for it on TV); Baseball, Change-The-Daiper; Low Hold Card Wild; Stud Poker: 7 card stud, 5 card stuf; Spit in the Ocean; Lowball; and many others.

School, the last week of it, is this week. I'll be ready for it soon enough.

I'm actually doing some Flash work these days, er, yesterday. I'm coming back to it pretty well.

Also I'm exercising my ASP skillz lately. Yes, for skrillz.

My favorite Frank Zappa song is "The Ocean is the Ultimate Solution" -- manic instrumental.

It was foggy last night, but not too cold. We got home late.

Electric blankets are awesome.

It's cold again tonight.

Had some fun working and visiting and stuff with a good friend today. Excellent to combine work and play, sometimes.

Don't be afraid of bologna.

Hot carrots are tasty and hot. And carrots.

Be well.Sunday Night RandomI've been slowly migrating content from the smorgasborg to either the blog or to /dev/null. I'll let web.archive.org handle maintaining all these little crappy bits. Really though, the smorgasborg was a bit of a blog. I just kept adding, and it was random. It was a little like a memepool, but I didn't keep it up or format it as a blog.

Anyway, here's the latest item to be killed from the blog, and moved here.

Why a website?
1. Customer support
2. Extension of companies current advertising
3. Name recognition
4. Customer feedback
5. News (Keeps clients up to date)

This was originally posted April 13, 1999. Still applies now.

Why a website?http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/2191280/

Joe &amp; Jean Crawford 60th Anniversary Originally uploaded by artlung.That's so impressive. Check out Leah's Photo Site for more.Sixty years dude!Sixty Years!

My pal Joe Toledo remixes the current header, perfectly, geniusly.

He's been funny before, too.Casablanca-styleI get the neatest email. Here's one about Christmas around the world:



May God bless you keeping an interesting page of Merry  Christmas in all languages on your website.  This efforts praise worthy and I appreciate it.

Please permit me to suggest one very small improvement on
your page: http://artlung.com/smorgasborg/international_xmas.shtml

It says in Hindi, Christmas Greetings would be: "Bada Din Mubarak Ho".  It should be corrected to "Shubh Bada Din".

It says in Urdu, Christmas Greetings would be: "Naya Saal Mubarak Ho".  It should be corrected to "Bada Din Mubarak Ho"

--

Diwali is like Christmas for Hindu's.  We say "Shubh Diwali" or other greetings are "Shubh Labh".   Hindu's being Shubh should always comes first and then comes the rest.  Shubh means benefit and betterment of everyone used for in a very auscipicous and religious way.  It is important for Hindus and in a Hindu way of life is to always put "Shubh" as word and in thoughts before  everything else.

Nothing bad, just that to Hindu/Hindi speaking, it would look like a Superman, you know like a man wearing underwear
over his pant! :-)

Mubarak is a word for noble blessings more associated with Eid, which is like a Christmas for them. They say "Eid Mubarak".

Thank you, kindly.


Thank you, Nitin. You are a fascinating character and I have made the changes you suggested!

Namaste,

JoeNintin corrects me, charmingly!Three bloggers I regularly read, Andy Baio, Matt Haughey, and Jason Kottke, all linked to this: Too much of a good thing?.

The central thesis of this blog entry is there is so much good stuff in the world and it's depressing not to get to it, and maddening to not get to it.

I agree with this thesis, but the problem is the entry makes it seem as though this is a new and unique problem.

The idea seems to be that with digital acquisition the problem gets magnified and makes the problem unique. Wrong. Libraries present the exact same challenge.

I remember as a kid going into the library and being wowed by the number of books there. I further remember, as a teen, working in San Diego's big Central Branch library and being even more wowed by my options. Big art books, biographies, more science fiction than I could ever imagine reading, rolls and rolls of old newspapers, magazines bound together forming (literally) tons of potential reading and viewing material. That's one library. And I'm not even mentioning all the record albums, CDs, cassette tapes, books on tape.

Many libraries now lend out DVDs and VHS movies as well. More and more content, and also still free in the service of the public good.

So many books, so little time, right? Well, sure. But instead of looking at this as a problem, think of it as an opportunity to make choices. In making our choices we define our lives, we define the time we spend. We are making our own culture, for ourselves. If all we're doing is rushing through what we read and look at, what kind of enjoyment do we get out of those things? How do we let that culture inform our lives?

I would argue that taking your time with the media you consume serves your self-interest more than trying to make sure you acquire each and every digital product out there and never getting to them.

Take the time to stop and the smell the roses, eh? A hoary clich&eacute;, to be sure, but good advice.Too Much Of a Good Thing? BZZZZZT!So...

If you have previously been to our home for a party, been invited but were unable to show, or think you should have been and did not receive an invitation for our holiday/wedding party Saturday night ... like, tomorrow dude... please call or email Leah and/or I for more information.

Due to our extreme suckitude, we may have screwed up the very simple process of emailing out invitations to our friends and family.

Please accept our apologies, call us, and come.Profuse Party Apologies & Retroactive InvitationsTurnout was great. People were great. Tired this morning.

Wonderfulness.

Marriage ETA: 54 hours.

ONWARDS TOGETHER!Party: A SuccessToday I get married.

There's a possibility that technical difficulties will get in the way, but I set up an audio blog over on the right there for developments.

Leah and I, and the kids, are all going to Las Vegas, and then on to Utah for the Holiday.

Things are good.

Blessings abound.

I can't possibly mean it more today: Onward.Today: The DayRight now I'm sitting in the Kanab City Library. Checking in on email and whatnot for the first time in a few days.

They don't have free WiFi, but they do have a laptop hookup I can use for an hour. I want to swear about [expletive deleted] cool this is.

It's been a wonderful few days of inaccessibility. Tomorrow Leah and I and the kids will head back for the thicker connectivity of California. Christmas was great, and I've been able to get to meet two of Leah's sisters with much greater detail. And hey, I have new things like brother-in-laws! I have step-nephews and nieces! And not the least of which, I now have official stepsons and a stepdaughter.

All in all, it's been a great week of marriage and holiday time.

Perhaps more in a bit, but that's the quickie post I can muster before my hour expires. :-)
Kanab City LibraryI got a nice note from our friend Susan about our wedding, and I thought I'd share it...


I almost forgot that today is The Big Day - congratulations!!!  How  nice that you're getting married on the solstice.  A good omen, as
this marks a new phase in your lives with the promise of warm sunny days ahead.  And -- bonus -- you'll be able to remember your anniversary!

xoxoxoxoxo


Thanks Susan!Solstice-iversaryBefore I left I made some changes over on San Diego Bloggers, leaving it broken visually.

Sad.

But fixed now! Check it!San Diego Bloggers, FixedThe Test Post
12/21/2004 09:21:06 AM
http://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-125927.mp3
Counting The Bugs with Tony
12/21/2004 04:36:42 PM
http://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-126047.mp3
Before Vegas
12/21/2004 08:25:02 PM
http://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-126109.mp3
We Have The License
12/21/2004 10:17:50 PM
http://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-126140.mp3
Giddy &amp; Married
12/21/2004 10:53:45 PM
http://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-126148.mp3
Why Aren't We Back (Vegas Edition)
12/29/2004 02:24:10 PM
http://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-128242.mp3Let's Look Back At The Audio Posts For the Last Week and a HalfThe incredible tsunami last week is something I've not mentioned at all so far. It's an astonishing event by any measure.

Oso wrote several posts about it for San Diego Blog. On the waxy.org videos thread I found a link to the excellent wikipedia article to catch me up to speed, as I've been busy with other things.

My heart goes out to those affected by the disaster. If you can, here's a list of places you can help.The TsunamiHappy New Year.

Onward.Two Thousand and FiveAlready 2005 is shaping up nicely. Here's a short audio interview with William Gibson on IT Conversations, a great source of interesting audio content you can listen to via streaming or by download in a variety of formats.Wm. Gibson InterviewThe story of how Graphic Calculator came to be developed and shipped on the Mac is mindblowing.

It reminds me of two plotlines from the comedy series Seinfeld. In one, George is fired from a job and continues to show up, as though nothing happened. In the other, Kramer starts showing up to a job for which he was never hired.

But how this non-official software product was started, halted, skunkworks-ed, QA'd, usability tested, and localized without ever having been sanctioned or paid for by Apple is a wonderful tale that fits perfectly into the lore of corporate apathy.Volunteer Work at AppleThis is an excellent narrative of what it takes to go forth and fix a family member's spyware ridden PC.

Well worth a bookmark.How To Fix Mom's ComputerI love free concerts by Stew:

Stew (Friday Nights at the Getty)


Date: Friday February 18, 2005, 7:30 pm
Location: Harold M. Williams Auditorium
Admission: Free. Reservations available beginning January 20

Stew has been called many things--singer/songwriter, cabaret philosopher, wiseguy troubadour, punk subversive, even the black Burt Bacharach. With his collaborator Heidi Rodewald, their rich arrangements, incisive lyrics and innovative styles take you beyond the standard pop song. Stew and Heidi were recently commissioned by the Public Theater of New York to develop a new work for the stage.
Stew at the Getty!Today Leah started her new gig! Congrats and much love to my dearest Leah!

I'm looking at houses to let today in Moorpark. Wish us luck!

From a wet wet wet San Fernando Valley, I bid you...

ONWARD!SoCal HousehuntingThe Moorpark Library is not a hospitable place for internet access.

'nuff said.

however, muchos kudos to the Moorpark It's a Grind Coffeehouse, for tasty coffee and free 802.11b.Moorpark Library / Moorpark "It's a Grind" Coffee HouseWell, SixApart purchased Danga, same difference. Read about it.

Looks like I chose the right month to come back to do some LiveJournaling.

Honestly, I'm back there because it works, it's free, and it makes it easy to keep up with some new family and friends.

Otherwise... I have a pile of things to update. Catch-up ball.MovableType buys LiveJournalDoug Welch plugged my services. Thanks Doug!

Still househunting. Interview Wednesday. Packing last weekend. Things is busy.

Hey man, things are okay.

Oh, and tomorrow is Leah's Birthday. She's awesome. She's my wife!Plug & BirthdayWith These Rings, We Thee Wed Originally uploaded by artlung.Represent.Did I post this yet?(crossposted to web405 and websandiego)

This is just barely on-topic.

So these days of still-not-moved in, waiting for my new abode to start, waiting for a new gig to happen, turns out I've discovered my new mobile office. It's not Starbucks (t-mobile doesn't offer reasonable month-to-month plans), but rather, it's Burger King. How'd I find out about it? Well, I was doing a little wardriving and noted an AP with the pattern bkNNNNN.burgerking.com where those "N"'s are numbers (I guess the chain number (primary key)).

Free wireless. I think it's 802.11b (how can I tell that, anyway?) might be 802.11g.

Today I've used two burger kings to do planning, some freelance, and the like all in the comfort of one Burger King on Wilshire and another on Ventura Blvd in Encino.

This is not the cyberpunk world I envisioned, but instant messaging via a global telecommunications network  from a fast-food joint is about as close to the future envisioned by Messrs. Bruce Sterling and William Gibson as I could expect.

I love that they did the whole subservientchicken website too. BK is definitely positioning themselves for the cyberpunk set.

And that's my dispatch from 20 minutes into the future.

Joe
BK: My New Mobile OfficeQuote of the day:


An exclamation by David Farragut, an officer in the Union navy in the Civil War. Warned of mines, called torpedoes, in the water ahead, Farragut said, "Damn the torpedoes! Captain Drayton, go ahead! Jouett, full speed!""Damn the torpedoes!"Wedding Balustrade Originally uploaded by artlung.I think we look cute.Wedding BalustradeIncredible amounts of rain
Living in Motel in Sherman Oaks
Freelance work
Incredible help from family moving, packing and cleaning Sherman Heights house
Cat boarded with Joe & Meg
Earthly possessions in 25 foot truck
Twenty-five foot truck driven to LA
Twenty-five foot truck driven to Simi Valley
Freelance work
Job interviews
Hiring of day labor (Marcus and Mario) unloading earthly possessions
Earthly possessions in storage in Simi Valley
Staying in motel with many loud, "unique" guests
Job accepted
Job starting Monday
New motel sought for next week
Apartment with less "unique" guests
Truck returned to Thousand Oaks

That's a partial list. Thanks for your patience and encouragement, everyone!OccurredSo now Leah and I are staying in Burbank.

It is with sadness we make note of the passing of Johnny Carson, host of The Tonight Show for decades.

Despite the fact that this motel allows pets, e.g. Bas, they have no broadband (only dial-up), so I'm composing this offline right now. I'll post it when i have some bandwidth again.

Tonight is clean-up-my backpack day. And here are some various links I've looked up or have been meaning to look at.


First up: www.farrellsusa.com -- Farrell's was a chain at one time of "wacky" ice cream "parlours" -- with loud music, fire engine horns, and gut-busting ice cream sundaes. There's apparently one in Santa Clarita, but it's far north, near Valencia -- I think that's as far north as Magic Mountain. Not really worth the trip for some ice cream.

Moorpark has it's own weekly newspaper -- www.moorparkacorn.com -- it's a freebie available around Moorpark.

805 Living is another free magazine -- 805 is the area code of Ventura County: I think it emcompasses Moorpark, Thousand Oaks, Simi Valley, Westlake Village and the like. Theoretically, the domain name is www.805living.com.

Last Saturday there was a short article on the front page of the Ventura County Star about Wi-Fi hotspots, the focus was on for-pay hotspots, with little emphasis on free wireless projects or the municipal projects that are happening. What it felt like was that the for-pay wireless access providers are pushing their flacks to get mainstram media to talk about for-pay Wi-Fi to the exclusion of free wireless. That bums me out.

Last great article I read was in the February 2005 issue of Esquire -- a great article called Bush, Part Deux: A Strategy for Making Everything Turn Out OK, by Thomas PM Barnett. And no, I didn't buy it because Scarlett Johansson looks sexy on the cover. I was riding the train to San Diego to go get my truck the day I bought it.

We had been staying at the www.777motorinn.com on Sepulveda. We were not really impressed. Leah says she mentioned the hotel on her blog on Monday. Still, it was a bed to stay in, centrally located, and for that we are thankful. Now, we're also thankful to be out of that.


And now it's been another night and it's morning, I'm preparing to go to work -- and now I'm at Burger King #2625 to check email and do some stuff on the fast connection.

I wanted to point out that our cat Bas has been written up very kindly by Meg herself -- check out: Bas on her Seafoam journal. Meg goes to UCLA and is married to Joe T, a pal of mine who occasionally graces this blog with silly photoshop stuff.

Oh! I sold some comics last week -- people doing searches and finding the comics pages. Two different buyers for a total of $50 of merchandise. That's most excellent. Now if I can sell the rest of my collected stuff, that'd be great!

Lastly, Leah and I will both be changing our names here soon. We are backed up on bills but cashflow is improving steadily, what will work and comics-sales -- but we'll have many more changes upcoming.

Also, sorry Rudy and Aunt Joan for the problems with the blog format on this page for smaller monitors. I'm aware of the problem, and will address it when I get the chance. Thanks for bearing with me!

Okay, off to work. Thanks for reading!Cleaning, Bas, Miscellany, WorkAs of this month, I've been blogging 4 years -- since February 2001. I've had a personal website about 8.

Time flies.Four More YearsMr. Kelly Abbott, a pal of mine, maintains a website at great-jones-street.com, and it appears that he's updating it semi-regularly.

Don't miss Glenn's Girls, about his father, Roswell, UFOs, and life.Great Jone Street, UpdatingI'm sadly aware that I've not updated of late.

What's happening?

This is what's happening!

Leah and I have moved to Woodland Hills, just that much closer to the kids. We are living in a small studio apartment that has been great so far. Woodland Hills is in the San Fernando Valley to the northwest of Los Angeles. Here's the Google Maps map which shows the location more or less.

My phone number has changed and will likely change again soon. See Contact for more information.

Our cat Bas is coping well with the continuous changes. He's lying on my arms as I type this.

I'm behind on some things, mostly freelance work things, which is vexing; meanwhile, my day job is going okay. I telecommute and it's working out pretty well.

I've not had a haircut in about 2 months now. I'm getting shaggy.

Last week I picked up Brian Wilson's Smile, and it's brilliant. I've always liked the Beach Boys, even when I was a 13 year old kid, the first mix-tape I ever made had Beach Boys music on it. Smile is a work of great complexity. The doo-wop parts reminded me of Frank Zappa and his own doo-wop influences.

I attended the LA SIGGRAPH meeting this month with Devon, Leah's son, and my stepson -- hmm -- I have no idea what the etiquette is here. Do I simply call him my son? Is stepson too stilted-sounding? But I digress. The presentation was really quite good about the state-of-the-art in videogame production. I took copious notes and it got me and Dev thinking a great deal. An additional bit of fun, Dev ran into someone he knows from high school in Moorpark. That was a bit surreal. Dev introduced me as "my stepdad" -- which I suppose paves the way for me to the etiquette. Anyway, it was really awesome, though they had to futz with the projector for a long time, they couldn't get PowerPoint to show up on the right screen. Dev was saying different things about what they needed to do in Windows XP to get the thing to work properly. It was fun.

Leah and I have not been to a movie together in weeks. We miss it. It's a great irony, because this really is a movie town!

We have, however, socialized with old friends and some new ones. We wish we had that house by now because we think we could have a ripping party up here with our LA/SFV/Ventura friends and neighbors.

And hey, onward.KetchupSince I have moved to the L.A. area, WebSanDiego.org must change.WebSanDiego.orgLikewise, joecrawford.com has gotten a facelift.JoeCrawford.comLike many people, I have a bucket of Gmail invitations on offer to my readers who want one.

Contact me if you want one.Gmail InvitesRobot Wisdom is back in business, while El Oso has gone MIA.

Meanwhile, Tony Pierce keeps blogging up a storm. No hiatuses, no days off. I dig that guy. His book is pretty cool, too.Cruel IronySometimes I have a very hard time writing here.

Sometimes it's out of not wanting to share, or maybe it's shame for how things are not exactly how I want them to be in my life. As though by not speaking I can ignore the low spots. But in so doing I most assuredly ignore the high points as well.

Part of it I'm sure is this transient life I have been leading with Leah. We were in a motel in Sherman Oaks for a few weeks, on the verge of moving in full.  We were within an hour of the kids at that point. I was unemployed and bridging the gap - living partly in San Diego and partly Sherman Oaks and spending a lot of time in Moorpark looking for housing and learning the town.

Due to our circumstances, we had a very hard time finding a house to live in. Everything seemed to be too expensive, or unlivable, or too small. On one house we had the guy renting us the house, an agent himself, refuse to give us his last name while he asked for a ~$5000 Cashier's Check. The house may have been perfect, but we had no use for this shifty man. Another house had a fountain in the dining room with an atrium. Then another was rented to a family member. The usual seemed to be that someone with better credit would beat us out. Weeks passed, and we landed at...

ExtendedStayAmerica in Burbank. Nice enough, save the fact that there was no broadband there, and I started a new job, telecommuting, and there was no broadband there. So I worked in the office, and my hourlong commute from Burbank to Mid-Wilshire amplified my feelings of failure. I hate commuting. If possible, I would not have to drive more than a few minutes to work. My first "serious" job was as a Respiratory Therapist at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville. I chose an apartment complex that was about a mile away. That I would call a "best-case" scenario. The Burbank commute was no fun. We stayed there for several more weeks, with our 2 plates and 16 utensils and a saucepan and a frying pan, and I began to get stir crazy. Eventually we found...

a big Apartment complex in Woodland Hills, California. It's big. It's impersonal. The advice they give you is that if you have to call 911, call security first because Emergency Personnel get lost if they have to come into the complex and try to find things on their own. But they have good net access, work is not too terrible, and financially things are stabilizing for us. With wonderful letters of employment and with more than a little help from members of our family, next week Leah and I move to...

Simi Valley. We have a 2 year lease on a 4 bedroom house about 15 minute drive away from the kids. Not precisely what we had in mind, but the price is competitive for the area, and it feels right. The neighborhood seems to be top-notch -- there's a common area park with a lake, basketball courts, a baseball diamond, lots of green, and views of the rolling hills and mountains. We'll be about a 10 minute drive from the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, which I suppose is a perk.

Sometimes things are hard. Sometimes things seem insurmountable. Oftentimes, the real courage and strength is in seeing that things take time, and that patience pays off. Leah is the perfect person to learn this stuff with.

Yeah, I learned it before too. But part of life is I suppose that we learn and re-learn things our whole lives.

This week I'm going to try and blog every day and catch up with myself.

Hey y'all... take care.Sometimes (Simi)Brian Wilson - Our Prayer/Gee; Heroes & Vilains from Smile.

Ben Folds - Still Fighting It from Rockin' The Suburbs

Music is the BEST.Music That Made Me Cry On First Listen in the Past 3 MonthsAn idle thought:

I would be very interested to see a chart of things which may be indicators of my mental state. Some possible questions:

How clean is the inside of my vehicle?
How long has it been since I blogged?
When was the last time I sat down and read for enjoyment?
How many items do I have that I am meaning to put in postal mail?

Not a complete list, mind you.Possible Indicators of Mental HealthWe move into the new place Saturday. Whether we'll move everything in that day remains to be seen.

We have the kids. I have a pickup to get basics.

On the agenda:
- Utility/Electricity
- Utility/Internet
- Refrigerator
- Moving Truck (assuming we want to do the whole deal this weekend and can get a truck)

Further out:
- Washer & Dryer

It's going to be fun.

(For best effect say that like Peter O'Toole said it in Lawrence of Arabia)On The MoveSo now I'm posting this from a motel -- the studio apartment we're in for a few more days in no way fits Leah, me, and the 4 kids. So now we're split into two parts, rejoining together tomorrow.

We really are leading an interesting life.More Fun In The New WorldA new day begins! Huzzah!

Feeling pretty good all-in-all.

Time to shower and start the day!New DayWhile I am working, I had to take a microbreak and say that my stepson Devon is practicing the Saxophone, and that this makes Bas absolutely terrified. Not that Dev ssounds bad, but the sound has a definite power in this studio apartment.

The cat has retreated to the closet till the jazzy noise clears away.

Fun fact: Dev is allergic to cats, so Bas is sure to reap some revenge.Cats Hate SaxaphonesThis is the giggle of the day: http://660.sixfoot6.com/GiggleWe have a new address, very nearly. It's in Simi Valley.

I am sore and hurting from moving.

The storage space we have we are nearly out of. We just have a few books, some paintings with glass, and a cat tree in there now. radness.

The new house is nearly ready for us. We'll be staying there regular when we do some more cleaning and the previous tenant is 100% out of the house (he still has some crap in the garage and a closet).

We have a yard! Nice one too.

Area is good for walking. Very scenic.

Good space for office, for kids, for books, for parties.

It's on a cul-de-sac. Bonus!

It's a few minutes from the Reagan Presidential Library. Come visit and enjoy the Gipper too!

We still need a fridge. Next week. We are budgeting ourselves, and coolers work for a while.

Dev, my stepson, can play Tetris with boxes in a moving like nobody's business. He earned the TI-82 Plus calculator which was the prize he's been looking for.

My boys enjoyed watching the old TV version of Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy very much. They were hypnotized by it, despite the BBC erudite feel of the thing.

It was a good but hard weekend. More to come too.

That's the update.

Did I mention that I'm sore? I still am.Address The ChairI am posting this from the newly-installed wireless connection linked to the Adelphia cable modem here at the new home in Simi Valley. Worked from here all day, oddly enough, as this is a pretty nice neighborhood and there is WiFi about.

Nice to be letter-of-the-law legal though. :-)

Tonight Bruce Sterling is speaking at Art Center and I may go. But there's so much else to do.

We'll see...

JoeCable & WirelessA pal-o-mine on IM was telling me about new stringent management at his work. It reminded me of a favorite Empire Strikes Back moment:


[Darth Vader has just learned that Admiral Ozzel's big blunder, and activates a viewscreen]
Admiral Ozzel: [appearing onscreen with Captain Piett] Lord Vader, the fleet has moved out of lightspeed and we're preparing to -
[Ozzel stops, and suddenly begins to choke, clutching at his throat]
Darth Vader: You have failed me for the last time, Admiral. Captain Piett?
Piett: Yes, my lord?
Darth Vader: Make ready to land our troops beyond their energy field, and deploy the fleet, so that nothing gets off the system.
[beside Piett, Admiral Ozzel utters one last strangled gasp, and falls over dead]
Darth Vader: You are in command now, Admiral Piett.
Piett: Thank you, Lord Vader.


I have Star Wars on the brain lately. A Favorite Star Wars InteractionOh man. It's so nice to get my "mothership" computer -- the G4 Mac, back into the mix. So, so, so nice.

Perhaps the nicest perk is that I get to play my music collection. I've missed listening to: They Might Be Giants (271 songs, 9:57:48 total time); Frank Zappa (955 Songs, 2:22:45:15 total time)*; and Stew/The Negro Problem (112 Songs, 8:04:29 total time).

* That's two full days, 22 hours, 45 minutes, and 15 seconds playing time if I wanted to listen to all my Zappa at one time.Music, How I Missed TheeThis page (via bb): Science Fiction/Fantasy Authors of Various Faiths is intriguing to me. Sort of... something I had never considered before, you know?

Sadly, it does not list my favorites: Neal Stephenson, Bruce Sterling, or William Gibson.

Correction from Preston Hunter:

Science Fiction Writers of Various Faiths is the SECOND page, like the overflow page.

http://www.adherents.com/lit/sf_other.html


It links to this page:

http://www.adherents.com/adh_sf.html


which does indeed include at least one of your favorites: William Gibson.


Thanks for the correction, Preston!
Science Fiction Authors by FaithWhew.

Good weekend, tiring though.

My feet hurt. Right pinkie toe was stubbed and had a chunk rip out on the murphy bed in the apartment which we are completely out of now.

This morning I pulled the last items out of the storage where our stuff was.

This house is nice. Big. We have a lawn.

Made toast for Leah this morning. Shelled some hard boiled eggs too. We shared.

Bas (our cat) is here for a week while we make arrangements for his transport to Virginia. He loves having a house to run around in. A little too much. At 3am he was running up and down the stairs and waking up Leah. He'll chill out.

Our landlord has Koi, so even though he's against pets for us, he's cutting us some slack for a week. We like him more and more with every interaction.

Kitchen half contact-papered. Still messy, but cleaner messy.

The kids have rooms! They have two homes now. For real. That's awesome.

Leah commuted to work this morning. Got there not too slow from the email I just recieved. Leah is a wonderful partner and I hope to be as much a partner to her as she is to me. I love her so much.

Did I mention I love having my music back? Yesterday it was Mazzy Star and Beck. Nice.

8:30am. I start working at 9am.

I even did some programming over the weekend on a client of Leah's and mine. Old school ASP/MS Access work. Dude: Server.HTMLEncode() does not work on a null returned in a RecordSet object. Check for a null using isNull() first.

We have a lot of paintings and pictures. We need to put some up, and soon. These walls are way to bare right now.

The cat is walking on me now.

Just changed the title of this entry. Web405 is talking about culture, and Cole Porter. American culture is a vast sky and has some pretty bright stars in it.

Okay, I'm gonna do some kitchen stuff before work. Later taters.

on-word!I want to ride to the ridge where the west commences.Fun diversion!  Sightseeing San Diego with Google Maps

(Yeah, sometimes I still post to San Diego Blog).San Diego as seen via Google MapsAnother aspect of having all my stuff back is that the Comics For Sale are actually available for Sale. Including some excellent copies of Frank Miller's Sin City work, currently the vogue because of the film of the same name.

In the past 2 months I've had to put some people off for a while because the comics were all in storage. They're all for sale again!Comics, For Sale, AgainSo tomorrow, Bas and I will be seeing a vet here in Simi about a "Health Certificate" as he will be egressing Simi Valley and be bound for the climes of Virginia within the week.

He's flying off to live with my parents, who are sans-pet at the moment with the loss of Ferris, a cat documented in this charcoal drawing of mine from 1988. Ferris was a she, and was extremely long-lived.Date With The VetLetter from Thomas Jefferson to Peter Carr; Paris, Aug. 10, 1787:


Your reason is now mature enough to examine this object. In the first place divest yourself of all bias in favour of novelty & singularity of opinion. Indulge them in any other subject rather than that of religion. It is too important, & the consequences of error may be too serious. On the other hand shake off all the fears & servile prejudices under which weak minds are servilely crouched. Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a god; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear. You will naturally examine first the religion of your own country. Read the bible then, as you would read Livy or Tacitus. The facts which are within the ordinary course of nature you will believe on the authority of the writer, as you do those of the same kind in Livy & Tacitus. The testimony of the writer weighs in their favor in one scale, and their not being against the laws of nature does not weigh against them. But those facts in the bible which contradict the laws of nature, must be examined with more care, and under a variety of faces. Here you must recur to the pretensions of the writer to inspiration from god. Examine upon what evidence his pretensions are founded, and whether that evidence is so strong as that its falsehood would be more improbable than a change in the laws of nature in the case he relates.


The source I cite does not capitalize "god," but those who cite this quote often capitalize the "G," as in "God" -- despite the subject matter of the quote, whose unflinching rationalism is considering the question of even the existence of a capital-G "God."

Thomas Jefferson remains a hero of mine.Question With Boldness!I've been doing some contact-papering in the house and I have to say, I don't like it. I've been getting better at it, mind you. But generally I feel that contact paper is a pain in the neck. It sticks to itself, it gets bends and folds and little air bubbles and generally annoys.

It's right up there with trying to draw a perfect circle or juggle -- I put it in the category of "hard stuff that it is possible to do but the payoff is limited." Well, maybe juggling is a bad example. I don't know how to juggle so I'm using it out of ignorance.

Maybe as I do more contact papering I'll learn to enjoy it. I can see that after contact paper, I think I'd enjoy putting up wallpaper. It seems like a more straightforward. But putting contact paper in a drawer or in a cabinet; matching the size and shape, standing on a stool and maintaining an awkward pose while installing the stuff -- it's a frustrating enterprise.Full Contact SportThere's a new header in town. Can't believe it's been 3 months since I put the last one up. It really needs a better picture of me, but this'll do for now.

The article about the security of the election of the new Pope, by Bruce Schneier is pretty compelling stuff.

Nitey night.See me, Simi, Holy SeeHey cool! there's a Freecycle group for Simi Valley: Simi Valley Freecycle.Simi Valley FreecycleFrank Zappa's The Best Band You Never Heard In Your Life.

I have some great, fun music to work to. The lyrics are secondary. This band can play.


Tellin' you all the Zomby troof
Here I'm is, the ZOMBY WOOF

Tellin' you all the Zomby troof
Here I'm is . . .

Reety-awrighty, he da ZOMBY WOOF
Reety-awrighty, he da ZOMBY WOOF

They said aw-reety
An' they was aw-righty
An' I was a Zomby for you, little lady . . .

I got a great big pointed fang
Which is my Zomby Toof
My right foot's bigger than my other one is
Like a reg'lar Buxton Hoof
If I raid your dormitorium
Don't try to remain aloof . . .

I might snatch you up screamin' through the window all nekkid
An' do it to you up on the roof, don't mess with the
ZOMBY WOOF
Now PlayingDid the work to get the extension on the taxes last night. Oh joy! Paying to Federal, and getting back from the State of California.

This morning we bought a new Fridge, it'll be delivered Monday. I'm tired today so I was a bit ornery. But I'm glad we went.

This morning we upgraded Leah's Blog to WordPress 1.5. Looks rock solid functionality wise. Her old install of 1.2 was getting horrendous spam. The new version will give her Pages functionality so she can use it like a real CMS to manage her whole site. That's awesome.

Hmm... what else? The house is looking great.

Okay, time to get my act in gear and really begin the day.Everybody's Working For the WeekendToday I made some changes and improvements over on San Diego Blog.

I need to take Ty to baseball practice this morning.

Leah and Ali are headed out to purchase a Bikini for the young lady.

Tony and I were watching Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends.

Unloaded the dishwasher this morning. Man! I love having a dishwasher built-in.

The shower in the master bedroom is not draining very well. I think maybe we need a "hair filter." I'm not sure if the drain problem is because of us, or the previous tenants, or both.

The previous tenant had a spa in the backyard. They had gravel in part of it. Yesterday some gardeners replaced it with sod. So now the sod needs some TLC. I need to water it 2-3 times a day.

Simi Valley has a lot of static electricity. It's a dry place.

Strangely enough, the place reminds me of Roanoke. It's sort of a small town. If Los Angeles were not just a hop-skip-and-a-jump away it would be maybe a bit smaller than Roanoke. As it is, it's a bedroom community for lots of L.A. and San Fernando suburbs.

You know, there are no links tagged as "simivalley on del.icio.us. I should rectify that.

I made a pretty good dinner last night. Haogie rolls with lunchmeats and cheese. A trick I learned from my mom many years ago. Tony put together celery+peanut butter+raisins.

Okay, gotta head to practice with Ty.Sunday, SundayI've been meaning to show Leah this site for a few days: snowsuit.net. It's a deceptively simple site. It combines photographs of faces, each day, along with some text about the person or face depicted.

It sounds dull, but the expressiveness of the human face assures that it's always compelling.for Leah, and for you, the home viewer: snowsuit.netLeah wraps up last night's 7pm-10pm with a funny story about Smoky.Smoky (not her real name) is a real personDid I mention we have a fridge now?

Refrigerators are a wonderful invention.

Yes, this is totally worthy of a whole post to this weblog.Fridge.Everything is different. WP 1.5 rocks. But everything will look different for a while.WP1.5Tonight, right this moment in fact, Leah's and my cat Bas is on his way to Virginia.

He was frisked, twice! by employees of the Transportation Security Agency, an arm of the Department of Homeland Security.

I hope he will have a good trip.

There's much more to write, but I need to sleep now.Bas & Homeland SecurityMessage from my Mom this morning:

Joe, we are here.  I saw him get off the plane.  They put him on the cart with all the luggage.  I picked him up and he was quiet the entire ride home.  He immediately hid behind the sofa downstairs.  Then I started talking to him and gave him some food, which he refused and now he is investigating every nook and cranny downstairs in the utility room.  He looks great!  He is going to have a wonderful Life in Roanoke.  LOVE YOU SO MUCH, Mom :-)


Mom -- THANKS!Bas Has A Home
.flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }
.flickr-yourcomment { }
.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }
.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; }





Bas, originally uploaded by ellison.



I forget if I posted this Photo Meg took back when she and Joe T took care of Bas. Either way, I don't care. :-)
Bas

simi-valley-blog-search, originally uploaded by artlung.

If you google for "Simi Valley Blog" you get me. I've been here less than a month.

I, as the kids type these days, pwn!!!!!111Simi Valley Blog SearchSlightly improved from the version I emailed my Mom, who will now be taking care of Bas:


Bas is *very friendly* - he will jump in your lap and purr if you let him. Bas loves everyone, but he will leave some hair on you in the process.

Bas is declawed in the front; he still has claws in the back. He's about three years old.

He has no regular food time, we keep his dish semi-full. If we leave for few days he is *so* talkative when we get home, meowing and meowing. Then he munches.

Toys: His absolute favorite toy is the transparent cap from a water bottle. He *loves* batting them around, carrying them around. One pitfall of this hard-to-see toy is that they hurt when stepped on. So be alert!

Sleep: His typical pattern for a while was to sleep with Leah and I. When we are waking up, he wants to know there's food. If he's out of food or water, he'll let you know. If he's out of fresh water, he will go search for it. We try to keep him out of the toilet :-) Generally refilling his water dish at the beginning and end of the day takes care of his hydration.

Food: Bas likes to paw at his food - he sort of pushes it out of his dish before chowing. Kind of a peciliar habit, really. He eats IAMS Original Adult 3+ -- we just give him the dry stuff and he does fine. For a while we were trying the Fancy Feast ones for a taste treat sometimes. He seemed to enjoy the ones with gravy. He was not crazy about seafood. He does come running whenever have tuna though. He doesn't *require* wet food though.

He is sometimes a moocher. Even if he doesn't really *want* what you have, he wants to check it out. The key is to be firm with him and say "no" when you don't want him doing this, you also may have to push him away. He will sulk a little when rebuffed like this, but he gets over it. He has eaten little bits of food from us -- I think he once had some asparagus! He will mooch butter and cheese. He also likes turkey, chicken, beef. Bas is definitely a carnivore. :-)

Litter: he keeps himself pretty clean, really. He doesn't have a favorite kitty litter that we can tell. We try and find an inexpensive one and that has worked fine so far. His boxes to this point have all been covered style, like a little doghouse. I don't know if he would do well with an open one. I suppose he could, but we've not tried it. We've been moving him around so much he adjusted really fast to this house. I hope he can adjust as fast to your place. :-) The key thing is just to make sure he knows where his food and water are, where the box is, and make sure he can get there. Given these, he does fine.

Snuggling: When it's chilly he will snuggle! He loves that and purrs like mad. Like I said, very friendly. He's I guess a medium-length haired cat, but beware, he does shed. I think the cold climate there (and the temperature the house is usually kept at) will mitigate this pretty well.

Coming when called: Even when there's no reward or food involved, he will more or less come when called. "Bas" is short for Basilone (we say "bass -ill - OH - nee", named after the exit off the 5 Freeway in San Onofre/SanClemente where we actually got him. We got him from a guy who was moving into an apartment which could not take pets. Basilone Road is named for John Basilone, a Medal of Honor winning Marine from WWII (we learned this after we named him, we just thought the name was nice). When we got him he had a dumb name, something like tigger or tiger or something. :-)

He is spayed, and in good health. He got current shots last week, and that reciept came with him. Given that he has the no front claws, we strongly suggest he stay an indoor cat. The vet said that as a decalwed declawed cat, he has no defenses. He has gone outside, on accident (pushing out screens, sometimes in the middle of the night!) -- but these were old weak screens. He survived, and even had fun, but he did get dusty and dirty. He has not encountered many other cats, and the one time we had a "friendly" kitten stray come in (during our last party at the 21st Street house) he was MOST hostile to the mere idea of having another cat in the house. Interloper! When he sees cats outside the home he basically is fascinated and reticent. I think he would not do so hot up against a mean cat.

Night time crazies: Occasionally, Bas will get "the crazies" in the middle of the night. He runs around the house loudly. If the noise of a cat running around would bother you, or if he's jumping on you, putting him out of the room should do it. I know you guys sleep with a fan so maybe the noise would not be a factor. But if it did -- well, holing him up in a room would work. When we were staying in Burbank the solution we came up with was to put him in his carrier with the bed in it. We did this when we went to sleep. Then we put the carrier in the bathroom (the tub, actually). When we got up, we'd let him out. He was just as happy and snuggly as ever, and did not punish us for putting him in his carrier overnight. This put him on a pretty good schedule, and kept him from being too much of a  late night cat.
Bas: A User's ManualGot a haircut today. Did some work. Made scrambled eggs for Leah and I.

I fear I don't have the energy to really post right now.

Crashing into bed now.

Life is pretty good right now.HurrumphWhat a peculiar pun that is.

Today was the early morning for Leah and I. She starts early, and leaves early, and we have the kids in the evenings. Since I am working from home I pick them up, and by the time I've wrangled (which makes me sound like a shepherd)  all four, she's home and we have our evening.

My hair feels great right now! Much shorter, off my ears. I woke up with a "Faux-hawk" and felt silly about it.

I have a full beard. It's just at the stage where Leah says it feels nice. Sadly, on my "to-do" list is shaving the darn thing off.

I was pretty pleased with the idea of having really short hair and a big bushy beard, but it's overrated.

Besides, oatmeal gets stuck in the beard.

This morning I only made one piece of toast to go with the oatmeal and the darn thing burned! I think the toaster wants two pieces of bread to toast. Possibly the sensor/element is tuned to the side there was no bread on. Anyway, Leah digs overdone toast, so I scraped off the black with a knife and she was good to go.

I want to remember to show Dev the "Schnappi Schnappi" song this afternoon. He's loving the German language, and that bit of culture is pretty cool.

Okay, time to work kiddies.

Take care o' yourselves!Mourning Root Teen
.flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }
.flickr-yourcomment { }
.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }
.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; }





The Neighborhood, originally uploaded by artlung.


No photos of the new house yet. Here's one, courtesty Google Maps. It's annotated with some of the neighborhood spots.Enjoy.The NeighborhoodSo Wednesday night, while Leah, Dev and Tony were at music lessons, I was here with Ali and Ty. My idea was to go explore the stuff around here that the kids had not seen. The pond, the fields, the basketball court.

The kids, eagerly accepted this idea. This could even be fun!

Al and Ty are close in age -- 12 and 14. The dynamic changes without their older and younger brothers. Kind of fun. They're both playful and teenagery in a way that T (10) and D (16) are not.

Anyway, we had a blast exploring the catch-and-release fishing pond. Not that we fished or went in, but we walked along the bank. Both of them walked over a narrow set of rocks at the edge. This is a set of rocks that I would think it would take a Cirque du Soleil acrobat to walk across. Ty was the first across and went for it before even asking me if it would be okay. Water on both sides -- algae-filled cold water -- I know that *I* would not go across the darn thing. Ali started to go across, then was being goaded into it by Ty, so she didn't go for it.

Then we went further in, in search of the loudly croaking frogs we heard. The frogs, intimidated by the sound of exploring teens (technically Ty is not a teenager, but he's close), shut up and we did not see any frogs. I kicked myself a little for not bringing a flashlight, as it was getting duskier by the second.

Ty calls out to me "hey can I go get this softball I see" -- when Ty asks permission that must mean it's hard to do or possibly dangerous. My stepfatherly reply was "If you can get it without getting wet and not hurting yourself you can do it" -- so he went for it. Meanwhile Ali retreated back to the rock line. I noticed this as I was trying to get further into the thick brush. So I retreated a bit as well, and what did I see but Al going across the rocks. Seems like she needed the _lack_ of an audience to go for it. Fascinating.

I'm reminded of the scene in _The Killing Fields_ where the Malkovich character is trying to develop a fake passport photo for Dith Pran so he won't have to go into the now Khmer Rouge-controlled Cambodia. He knows a life is at stake and he's trying to develop this film with some jury-rigged chemicals and another guy. After two mistakes where the image blows out he asks the other guy to just get out and to let him do it himself.

With three brothers, Alejandra I think feels that way sometimes.

Anyway, eventually Ty found the old softball, which Al wanted no part of whatsoever because "who knows what was on it -- so GROSS." We continued to walk. Both of them wanting to walk on whatever high, narrow ledge they could find - walls, fences, rocks, whatever. It's really inspiring to see them want to use these amazing tools -- their physicality -- that they have. Makes me think, hey, I need to get in better shape to keep up with them!

Fast forward pass the slides, swings, basketball-with-a-found-softball, watching some grown men play their softball game quite well. Al, who plays softball, remarked that these paunchy guys were pretty good. Indeed they were, 30 and 40-something guys playing slow pitch softball. I'm gonna have to look into that. Though I don't really care for baseball or softball. I'm definitely jonesing for some racquetball.

Any readers out there in Simi Valley and wh0 play Racquetball? Give me a note.

So eventually we're rushing to get some drinks, as we're tired and flushed from all this activity. We went up to the local Ralph's -- maybe a mile away total. Anyway, Al gets a Diet Dr. Pepper, Ty get a Sobe, and I got a Mountain Dew. We're waiting in line and the guy ahead of us in line -- a thin 40_50-something thin fellow with a well-trimmed beard -- he turns around and sees us, breathing hard (yes, all of us were breathing hard, not just me, the paunchy 30-something guy!) and says to Ty "You look just like your dad!" -- and Alex, Tyler and I all look at each other and give out the biggest giggle ever. We can't stop giggling and looking at each other and the dude says "you guys are a group, right?" -- and I do eventually correct him, gently offering that "Well, I'm a stepdad" -- and the guy winces minutely and says  "Well that's cool isn't it that you look like each other yeah?" -- I admit that yes it is.

The fellow in front of us tried to enlist the woman in front of _him_ in line to corroborate that Ty and I favor each other. She was a bit hesitant, and makes off with her groceries before really committing to the idea.

It was a good night on Wednesday."You look just like your dad!"Something a bit different for a Saturday:


On mission along the border of Chad and Darfur, Human Rights Watch researchers gave children notebooks and crayons to keep them occupied while they spoke with the childrens parents. Without any instruction or guidance, the children drew scenes from their experiences of the war in Darfur: the attacks by the Janjaweed, the bombings by Sudanese government forces, the shootings, the burning of entire villages, and the flight to Chad.

via robotwisdomChildren's Drawings of DarfurIt was a productive weekend.

Let's see: working on a freelance project (a private blog of all things!) that is entirely home grown in ASP. Had some isssues with the reliability of the host's email last week though. Stupid Windows mail queues and SMTP services. Shoulda been PHP.

Finally got to the post office yesterday. Mailed off some comics for sale. One an ACME Novelty Library. One a Peanuts comic from the 1960s. Pretty awesome sales.

Have I mentioned that I have comics for sale? I do.

This morning sort of burned the breakfast (egg and toast and banana) for Leah and I.

Learned about our sprinklers on Saturday. Leah worked up a storm as well, and we now have a lawnmower.

What else? Two kid's baseball games on Saturday, that was pretty cool.

Last Friday saw Sin City - graphically amazing, but too violent and graphic. Leah walked out and saw A Lot Like Love (I think that's the title). Worked out okay, but I wish there was something we could have seen together.

Saturday night was a cool Birthday Party in Santa Monica for a friend of ours. Buca di Beppo. Always a tasty and filling place to eat.

My workday is about to begin.

Is today the day for me to shave this full beard? Perhaps it is. Perhaps it is.Monday SchmondayThis article: Blogs in Geekland mentions my very own sandiegobloggers.com site. How cool!

I wish there was a datestamp on the article. I have no idea when it was posted.Mention in San Diego CityBeatMany today was nothing if not busy.

Highlights were two bits of grooming:

1. I shaved my bushy bushy blonde (not really) beard off. I had elaborate ideas about doing a stop-motion film of my beard slowly evaporating by taking shots with every stroke. I haven't the patience!

2. I mowed the lawn! Yep, we're definitely renting a house now.

And with those paltry pronouncements, I proclaim posting permanently performed.

(For today).

Back tomorrow with less alliteration.GroomedSad. I dig Tony and the busblog. I even bought a copy of his book.

Tony's excessive sometimes, but sometimes excessive is just right.

Tony got canned from E! EntertainmentOatmeal!, eh? Adding the exclamation point makes it sound like a broadway musical.

The stage hit... Oatmeal! -- yeah, that's the ticket.

Anyway. Drowsy morning here. I made oatmeal for Leah and myself. She drank green tea, I had mint cocoa. Checking on some online forums, some email, things are good.

Turned on the TV -- The Falcon and the Snowman is on. An underrated movie from the 1980s about a guy who started feeding information to the Soviet Union. Great little movie with Sean Penn and Timothy Hutton. I remember buying the single of the pop song from the movie -- by David Bowie. It's called This is not America. I can't exactly recall, but I think there was a remix of it as well. Wild.

Last night with the kids was pretty great. Ty had a great game, even slid into home. Tight game too, his team had a grand-slam home run against them and yet they came back.

I find myself not always compelled by these baseball games. I wish I could unreservedly enjoy the game on the basis of supporting the kids, but truth be told, I'm not as excited as I might be. Now, maybe if the kids were painting or drawing or programming or working on websites or something I regard as creative for me, maybe it would be different.

But maybe I need to expand my definition of creativity, no? I think that's something I want to work on.

School! Hey, did I mention I'm starting back at school -- Moorpark College -- in the summer. Not entirely sure what class(es) I'll be taking, but I'm so there.

Yesterday I was driving Tony home and we were riffing on uses of the word "rock" -- rock it, rock on, rock-a-bye baby -- I brought up Rock Lobster -- which made Tony laugh. I let him know that that was a real song! Remind me to play it for him next time he's over.

Here comes the Manta Ray! Here comes the Narwahl!

I chuckle now, even thinking of it. The song itself, and riffing word combinations with Tony.

Okay. 8:36am. Time to start my day.

Onward.
Oatmeal!_from Leah, via IM_

note: i think it's safe to say that leah only likes fruit yogurts. like with berries or whatever. but not flavored yogurt with lime, pina colada or lemon.
Leah Yogurt PreferencesI get furious at these things. If you use a service like this, and you send *me* an email, and expect me to reply, you're not getting a reply from me. Don't *email* me and then expect me to put up with your stupid filters.

Andre, I'm not getting your email. Bummer dude!


Hello this Andre' thank you for your email.
-------
Due to large amounts of Spam...I need Your Help!

I regret I don't have your email address in my contact list. Would you be so kind and verify your email... it's easy.

By quickly clicking on the link below, I'll verify it's you, then add you to my list, and that's it. Best of all...

You'll only have to do this ONCE!

Thanks again

Andre'

Click here to verify your identity

P.s. I should mention, when click on the link your browser will open, fill in your name, and let me know it's you in the "reasons for contacting me" box.

One other thing, I need to here back from you within 2 day(s) otherwise the mean software I use will automatically deleted your messages in the future.

Lets avoid that. Click and get through now.


Remember, you contacted *me*. I already proved _that I exist_. Don't make me jump through hoops.Incredulousness at Email Non-spam confirm toolsShall we talk about the government?

Yesterday was rainy and wet. Gray and green were the colors of the day.

Today, the sky has a lighter cast.

And onward toward the weekend. Nifty.

Did you know that tomorrow is Free Comic Book Day? I haven't bought a comic in ages, but I want to take the kids tomorrow. Though really, they're much more interested in _Manga_ than comics, I suppose like all 21st century kids. :-)Shall we talk about the weather?Morgen is Dev's default greeting in -- basically short for "Guten Morgen" in German. Kinda funny. Reminds me a bit of the kid from Breaking Away. He spent several of the first years of his life in Germany so it's a part of his identity.

Let's see. Tomorrow is Mother's Day, and additionally my Mom's Birthday. That's pretty cool. I have a pile of stuff to send her for various combined missed holidays. Yikes!

We have the kids this weekend. Shh... -- we're going to try and do something nice for Leah. Can't tell you what, because Leah may read this before tomorrrow.

Breakfast was good. I made oatmeal for the crew. I'm thinking I could enjoy the househusband thing. I suppose this is not a particularly masculine thing to admit, but it's quite true. I have plenty of online projects to keep me busy, and working from home suits me at this stage in my life. Also, college is close, which is nice. The critical question is balancing all these things in a way that makes mental health, financial, and spiritual sense, right?

Hey, music. Right now my Police stuff is playing on the iTunes box. I think I want to play some Smiths next. The lyrics I woke up with were:


Burn down the disco
Hang the blessed DJ
Because the music that they constantly play
*It says nothing to me about my life*
Hang the blessed DJ


I think that's the key line in the song for me. "It says nothing to me about my life" -  Music really needs to do speak to you, you know? It has to say something. So much pop music is really piffle. I enjoy myself some piffle sometimes, but not always.

Have a great day, and to all you Mom's out there, or to those of you who are like Mom's to someone... Happy Mother's Day!MorgenI meant to post these some time ago, but never managed to. They're a series of BBC shows about the power of fear and nightmares.

part one: the power of nightmares

part two: the power of nightmares

part three: the power of nightmares

You can read about it more here.
The Power of NightmaresI feel like I'm doing spring cleaning. I forget what these links are, but I thought they were worth blogging enough to save them as draft, but not enough to go back and read them again:

one, two, and three.Post #2003Dude. Just finished up assembling the bunk bed for Dev & Ty. Very sturdy, very heavy, and very awkward to put together. But Dev and I got it together -- with much assistance with Tony (extra muscle), Leah (extra consultation) and Ty (miscellaneous lifting and adjustments.

We didn't even have too many extra screws and dowels left over.That was a lot of work!Not really. But there was a bad wreck this morning out on the main trunk road to the freeway -- which I came upon because I had some errands to run this morning.

Rain can be nice, but this morning I wish it had waited till this afternoon.

Yesterday was grand. Happy Belated Mother's Day to all those Moms out there, including my very own wife!

And a special note of Happy Birthday and Happy Mother's Day to my own Mom.

Have a great week!Rain, rain, go away!Yesterday morning I was making breakfast, as I always do for Leah and myself. The eggs were perfect, golden yellow in the frying pan. Scrambled lightly with some soy milk and some grated cheese. Yummy looking and tasting, they were a perfect picture of breakfast bliss. _SPURT_, went the ceiling, dropping some kind of fluid directly into my frying pan!

Aghast, I cursed the ceiling, which I now noticed had a drip coming from a vent above the stove in the kitchen. I was quite offended, to say the least! Dripping ceilings get the day off on the wrong foot.

Had I been posting about this yesterday you would have seen a much less measured tone than I can manage this morning.

Luckily, I called our landlord and he came yesterday evening to fix the toilet which was leaking. Yes, there was toilet water (pre-use) in the eggs yesterday. Luckily I was watching just as it happened, and it was localized enough that only half the eggs were ruined.

I had made enough for Leah's breakfast, my breakfast, and Leah's lunch -- and now there was only enough for breakfast. Ugh! Actually, maybe I can muster up some anger now. _Feel the burn_.

I suppose that ended happily, more or less. Which is to say -- I'm grateful that the whole ceiling did not cave in on me. There are worse things than ruined eggs.

Like weasels in the back yard!

I was working away here in the home office yesterday, 10am -- 3 hours since the leak event -- of course the ceiling was still dripping away. All told we collected about 8 ounces over the course of the day. _Drip. Drip. Drip._ I have a window that looks out on part of the backyard, and suddenly along the fence line I see a little creature running! He was about a foot long, reddish, with a racoon-like black mask! I yelled out loud *WEASEL!* -- which I had no idea if it was -- but it looked sort of like the creatures from _Who Framed Roger Rabbit_ who hung out with the Judge.  Yeah, so most of my natural history education comes from animation, _what of it?_

I was still in my robe, having foregone a shower to that point on account of not wanting to use the upstairs plumbing and exacerbate the drips; but like the fellow in _Account of a Visit from St. Nicholas_ aka "Twas the 'Twas the Night Before Christmas..." I leapt to my feet and went outside, to do... what exactly? It's not like I was going to attempt capture... but I was mostly thinking of Leah's newly planted vegetables in the side yard.

He kept on running and disappeared into the ivy.

Later, I was on the phone with a friend and she said that based on my description, it was more likely a ferret. Ferrets are against the law to keep as pets in California, or so I've heard, and I've no idea if they are native to Simi Valley -- but what I think I saw was a wayward, illegal, pet ferret running through the yard.

I have not seen him since then, or this morning. The new seedlings and plantings remain undisturbed as far as Leah and I can tell, but I'm on the alert for illegal mammals.

And that was just the first few hours of yesterday.

Truly, I never know what's going to happen next.


Leaky Ceilings and Illegal FerretsIn contrast to the other day, when my eggs got messed with, today's breakfast was excellent. Eggy cheesy soy-milky goodness. Oh and salt and pepper.

We had the kids yesterday afternoon/evening. It truly felt like not enough time. But such is life in joint-custody-land.

So Meg and Jukebox made some excellent comments about ferrets, and they actually got me to feel sorry for the little guy.

I wish I could adequately describe what the little fellow (lass?) looked like running -- sort of twisted into an "S"-on-its-side shape that expanded and contracted as he ran. I have not seen him since. I hope he or she okay.

On the right hand side of the page I have reinstituted my blogroll. Some familiar names there, and perhaps some unfamiliar ones to you. Anyway, I hope perhaps you enjoy the list. It's not meant to be a complete list, how could it be? But if you have suggestions for blogs to take a look at and add, please do let me know.

Later taters!

It looks like it's going to be a nice day here in Simi. Let's get to it.Excellent Eggs, More on Ferrets, The Return of the Blogroll-licious and -tastic, are suffixes of the day.

So... it's Fridaylicious!

Or, it's Fridaytastic!

Feh.

I thought I had the energy to be clever here today. Sadly, I do not.

Have a wonderful weekend y'all!FridayliciousEffective immediately, my cell number is 805-857-3951.

The old 619 number is no longer in service.

I'm not too pleased with zero transition -- but you blog readers now know, I need to update my resume online and such, and send notes to family about the change.New Phone Number
.flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }
.flickr-yourcomment { }
.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }
.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; }





Bus Errror, Core Dumped, originally uploaded by artlung.



This made me laugh harder than I would have expected.
Bus Errror, Core DumpedI'm doing some blog housecleaning this morning. Here's the code I used to use to display an archive list of blogger entries:



Pretty straightforward, it grabs a list of files with the right name pattern, then prints a pretty display of the previous listings.

Now that we're on Wordpress, it's not necessary. I blog it to back it up, just in case.Old Blogger Archive PHP CodeThis morning we awoke late because we got in late last night.

We got home at 1:30am or so, after having come home from a record release party in Hermosa Beach. The club was Club Boogaloo, a funky restaurant slash bar slash live music venue. We dug it.

Astute readers of ArtLung Blog and Leah Peah will note that we're not wont to attend record release parties willy-nilly. We attended this one because the brother of a friend of ours is the drummer. That's so cool. Oh, you're wondering what the name of the band is, ain't you? Eric Lindell, who is described on the Boogaloo site as a New Orleans Soul &amp; R&amp;B man, which is accurate enough. They played roadhouse rocking blues in a sort of Stevie Ray Vaughn mode. Very guitar driven, but not overbearing with the solos. They got a pretty sweet sound out of a three-piece. On one song Eric's son played the trombone. This boy was no older than about eight or nine. Kinda fun.

In other news, I will head to Moorpark College this week to see about a summer class or two. Wish me luck navigating whatever paperwork I need to. It seems simple enough.

I used Freecycle the other day and got a cookie jar. I drove to Fillmore to do it. The drive was scenic, lots of orange groves back here. Sadly, the ceramic teddy bear did not make it all the way home. I managed to drop the thing and so now I have a teddy head. Dang. I really wanted a cookie jar.

Have you been to 20q.net. It's a quasi-AI/expert system designed to guess what you're thinking of. It asks you questions and spits back an answer.

It's mildly addicting, which sounds like an oxymoron, but it is apt.

So let's think of a "newspaper" and see if it can guess it in 20 questions or less -- shall we? (what follows is the output:)


1.      It is classified as Mineral.
2.      Is it heavy? No.
3.      Would you give it as a gift? No.
4.      Does it go in your mouth? No.
5.      Was it invented? Probably.
6.      Is it made of metal? No.
7.      Does it fold up easily? Yes.
8.      Is it colorful? Sometimes.
9.      Does it have writing on it? Yes.
10.     Is it used to record an event? Yes.
11.     Does it come in a pack? No.
12.     Could it be found in a classroom? Probably.
13.     Does it open? Yes.
14.     Can it cheer you up? Sometimes.
15.     Does it have cash value? Yes.
16.     Is it used for communications? Yes.
17.     Is it pleasurable? Yes.
Q18.  I am guessing that it is a newspaper?


So it guessed right in under 20 questions, and so it wins. Clever clever.

It's Sunday evening now, and Leah is doing a little gardening. I think she's planting some cherry tomatoes and some jalape&ntilde;os. I dig her green thumb.

This week Revenge of the Sith aka Episode III comes out. It's the culmination of 30 or so years of my enthusiasm for Star Wars. I'm not sure what quite to think. I hope it will be good, though Episode's I and II were disappointing.

I did very much enjoy the Clone Wars animated DVD, which I think I mentioned before.

Leah and I did laundry today. Not as un-fun as you might think.

Yesterday we saw (soft and base)-ball games deaturing Tony, Ty, and Alex. They did pretty well. Tony got two sweet line drives in his game.

Friday night Leah and I went and saw the movie adaptation of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy - which we both enjoyed. I still enjoy the TV series best of all. Well, and the novels of course.

I remember seeing a piece of the TV show when I was in maybe 8th grade, just seeing the title in the TV listings, the reception was fuzzy. I heard somewhere it was also a book, and I remember purchasing a copy of Restaurant at the End of the Universe -- or perhaps it was my parents who purchased it for me -- when we took a trip up to Stanford from San Diego. My Dad was doing a fellowship I think, and was away. We went and visited him and on the way back I got that book in some bookstore in the Stanford area. Or maybe it was further south, on the way home? I could be imagining this memory, but it seems like I had seen the fuzzy Restaurant sequence on the TV show, went as I always did to the Science Fiction section of the bookstore, and it caught my eye.

I've been watching a lot of music videos on our cable. I have no stomach for long-form (like, 1 hour) shows, but I can get behind some music video. Leah is a bit in awe of my ability to spout trivia about various artists we see. Like I see a Raphael Saadiq video and I instantly recognize him as the lead singer of Tony! Tone! Toni!. Or maybe it's The Tubes, or Todd Rundren or De La Soul and where in their career they were when that song came out, and which version of the song it is, or even who directed the video or produced the record.

The dispassionate side of me has no problem thinking about going into a record store, even a large one, and thumbing every single CD in the place. For Leah this would be information overload, but it sounds like quite a bit of fun to me.

But my emotional intelligence looks at this thought with a bit of revulsion. Like -- this is not a "normal" kind of desire to have. Both things are true. I think the ability to take in vast sums of information, shallowly and come up with something like knowledge is something I must be using in my work. I used to get called "Google on Legs" at work -- which is sort of a scary thing to imagine, really.

I'm getting tired. I think I'll have a fresh cherry and or strawberry we bought at the roadside in our travels today. That could be quite tasty.
Miscellany for a SundayLeah and I got our library cards from the Simi Valley Public Library, part of the Ventura County Public Library network.

I listened to the audiobook of  Scott Turow's Ultimate Punishment: A Lawyer's Reflections on Dealing with the Death Penalty. I admit that this is not the funnest thing I could have checked out, but it was pretty good.

I dig the unabridged audio books as work and driving accompaniment.The Realest Sign That We Have Put Down Roots?Where the value of N varies depending on where you measure it.

Well, I'm not sure what part it actually is. I started at San Diego Mesa College, then City, then CHRV College of Health Sciences. And I took that one class at Virginia Western Community College. Then there was an extended drought of classes. Then I was back to California had aborted stays at Art Center College of Design and Santa Monica College. And a flurry of classes at UCLA Extension. Then another drought, then back to San Diego City College.

Today I enrolled in a Summer course at Moorpark College.

Today was a good day.College Bound, Part NThe following are some notes I took last year on Christmas Day. I guess this may turn into a longer narrative about our wedding. We&#39;ll see. Until then, these cryptic notes will have to do. Some comments from now are in italics.
Its now December 25th. Im writing this in the living room of my new in-laws. Leah, I and the kids are having a wonderful time.
Married.
New Name: JARC: Joseph Arthur Roberts Crawford still have not done this
4 New Stepchildren. Wow! yeah, my reaction is still &quot;WOW&quot;
Im now an uncle.
Im now a great-uncle.
Drive: intended to leave
Some recaps:
20 December 05:

New clothes for the kids we got the kids some new clothes for the event

21 December 05:

Resize Ring yes, the ring I initially bought did not quite fit
Intended to leave by 9am
Left by 1:30 p.m love that
On the road I actually did some &lt;a href=http://artlung.com/blog/2004/12/30/the-audio-posts/ &gt;audioblogging here&lt;/a&gt;
Arrive in Vegas at 8:05 p.m.
License at the Marriage Bureau of Clark County the line was not too long
Kids stay with the cars
Comment about the long hair in my drivers license my license has an old old picture, like 10 years old. In it, I have long hair and a beard

23 December 05:

Luau &amp; Christmas Singing with the Family words cannot describe

24 December 05:

Honeys Jubilee: Central Mart dude, small towns!
Dollar Store run
Santa Duties

25 December 05:

Brother-in-Law passes kidney stones in the middle of the night OUCH!
Turkey dinner
Scriptures
Twas The Night Before...I awoke early this a.m. I could have sworn that there was a knock at the door at 5 am. But then, that makes no sense.

So I'm up anyway, and beginning the day.

Huzzah! I think I'll put together a breakfast for Leah.Awoke EarlyToday was an odd mix.

I awoke to an odd sound - it sounded like a knock at the door - and I was a bit _off_ all day since then. Work was fine -- a mix of HTML, graphics, JavaScript, and even a bit of Flash. I had a PB&J for lunch. After work I got groceries -- including wonderful items such as a jar of jalape&ntilde;os, pinto beans, and soy milk. I also picked up some basketball inflation nipples. We have two basketballs and a football that need inflating. _Now in which of the boxes in the garage is the bicycle pump?_

I'm feeling a bit funky. I think I'm tired. There's also a nagging feeling that I'm missing something. I think I need to get back to counseling. I wonder if I can find a good one. I've got good stuff going on two cylinders -- but I think I need a tune up. The key thing is to take care of _me_. I've taken the time to take care of the house and the home and work things to the best of my ability -- but I think I need to do more to figure out what my own short and long term goals are. Signing up for school and getting into the local Library (thanks Greg for the comment, by the way -- I'm impressed by the library as well -- I already have some things coming from the Camarillo Library!) is a big part of getting that done. We've been so busy what with the move and the seemingly endless process of unpacking boxes and creating a home -- I need to remember to do those things that contribute to my own mental health. Some biggies that have been missing: exercise (swimming and racquetball in particular), working on my own projects, and reading.

This week I intend to take some photos in the house to share here publicly. With luck we'll help you guys get a mental picture of our environment and whatnot.

It's nearly time for bed. And hey, when was the last time I wrote...

_onward_?Requiem for TuesdayDifficult choice. But a major contender is definitely Mahnsanto

She's got a memory glitch
He's got a needle that skips
Everybody aughta have a mother or a brother who will take 'em on to a magical trip
To Disneyland in winter
To Disneyland in winter
When everybody else is gone
Take a ride a million times
Ain't nobody standin' in lines
Everybody aughta have a daddy or a daughter who will take them to a magical time
To Disneyland in winter
To Disneyland in winter
When everybody else is gone

Mahnsanto come back to me
I'll wait there
I'll wait there
Mahnsanto come back to me
I'll wait there
I'll wait there


Other contenders are Lime Green Sweater and Club Girl's Terrain:

She's entertaining when complaining about her life;
a picture as that hipster rich guy's compellingly neurotic wife.
But until they meet, she's in the street with the monkey boys,
scream in a punk rock band with vintage guitar toys

Phone numbers on match books and the stamps upon her wrist,
and a memory of a bad four day affair
with a drummer who wore essence of Al's bar cologne
And slept all night in chairs.
You thought he looked cute and beyond blame,
Stranded on the club girl's terrain.

Another pill then drink your fill of the empty night.
I know it kills you to put panties on this pointless socialite.
But when we get dentures and adventures are behind us,
The private invectives are paid off to never find us.

Phone numbers on match books and the stamps upon your wrist,
And the memory of a bad 6 day affair.
And in our glove compartment there is always
A fresh change of underwear.
Venus of the wandering insane.
Stranded on the club girl's terrain.
Stranded on the club girl's terrain.
Stranded on the club girl's terrain.
Lyrics of the DayAndrew Phelps has passed me the music baton:

*Total size of music files on my computer:*

I work on three computers consistently, and I have iTunes libraries on all of them: the iBook has 18.17 GB of music, the Mac Desktop: 36.68 GB, and the Windows Desktop: a bit less than the iBook, but I'm too lazy to go look at the moment. Leah would say it's all Frank Zappa. When we put it on Random play, there's a whole lotta FZ, but it's only 4.82 GB.

*The last CD I bought was:*

Eric Lindell - _Tragic Magic_
at the record release party in Hermosa Beach

I mentioned this before. It's good stuff, but not really representative. On my shopping list are the latest Beck and Ben Folds, but not for a few more paychecks. Budgets are my friend!

*Song playing right now:*

Roxy Music - _Flesh + Blood_

In the mornings I like putting on Stew/Negro Problem. It's good morning wake-up music. I like working to Ben Folds or Frank Zappa. Sometimes They Might Be Giants. Occasionally I'll put on mixes, I guess more  properly called "playlists," I already made in iTunes.

*Five songs I listen to a lot, or that mean a lot to me:*

Beck - _Tropicalia_ - free and fun and foreign
Ben Folds - _Army_ - man, that is some angsty regretful music
Frank Zappa - _The Ocean is the Ultimate Solution_ - musically, this fires my neurons
Stew - _The Great Leap Forward_ - the emotion in this song, the ennui, is really powerful
Morrissey - _Sing Your Life_ - hopeful, wonderful, optimistic - "any fool can think of words that rhyme"

Five Seven people to whom Im passing the baton:

Al Abut
Binary Wolf
Chuck Hartley
Kelly Abbott
Leah Peah
Meg
Sassy

I realize that's actually seven. I'm worried nobody will answer, though I would really dig it if they answered.Passing the musical batonStar Wars: Databank | Chewbacca

Chewbacca was played by Peter Mayhew, who donned the suit in all three classic Star Wars movies and would again wear the Wookiee wool for a number of notable television apperances. In 1978, Chewbacca returned to Kashyyyk to visit his family in the rarely-seen "Star Wars Holiday Special" television extravaganza. The heavily dated artifact of the late '70s has only aired once, and is unlikely to ever surface again. (emphasis added)


"Unlikely" is profound understatement, assuming you go through official channels.

I grabbed one back in 2001.

That Lucasfilm will not let you see or sell you a copy of the thing should tell you something. They apparently have the stomach to sell you a Darth Vader Sprinkler and even Darth Vader Cheezits, but the Star Wars Christmas Special is practically an _unperson_ in the Star Wars Merchandising Cavalcade.

_Happy Life Day!_StarWars.com mentions Star Wars Christmas SpecialWho will win?

Che:


Bas:


As Jason Kottke commented, _this is what the internet was made for_.

*Update:* Fixed those links

Kitten War!Who replied to that annoying chain letter music thing?

Several people! And they rock, and I thank them for their indulgence. Very cool listings:

Binary Wolf
Chuck Hartley
Kelly Abbott
Leah Peah
Meg
SassyPassing the musical baton, part III'm behind on email and posting. Here are some nuggets.

Six Rules for Contractors. Old and excellent.

Ontology is Overrated by Clay Shirky.

What looks like a good book about project management: The Art of Project Management.

Leah's Blog was a bit broken with regards to RSS and Atom syndication feeds. They work now. Also, I added some new categories today. Highlights: Wedding Interviews In The Car Kids Blessings Movies TV

Interesting and depressing and inevitable about outsourcing and the global village: Indian call staff quit over abuse on the line.

A few days ago, Al Abut was interviewed by the small WORLD podcast, and he mentioned me and San Diego Blog as blogs he reads. It's a tiny mention in this mp3 file.

I cooked a broccoflower tonight. It was not very impressive. It's very much like half-a-broccoli and half-a-cauliflour. So... what's the point? Not terrible, there's but not much to recommend it.

Speaking of cooking. I have been doing some of it. Highlights: sloppy joe's _(natch)_, killer scrambled eggs _(featuring cheddar jack, soy milk, and water)_, oatmeal, baked custom sandwiches, breakfast burritos-to-go _(featuring leftover scrambled eggs)_, and miscellaneous goulashes. I enjoy doing shopping. And things I dig having in the pantry -- dates, jalape&ntilde;o slices, cheese-crackers-and-peanut-butter. Oh, and frozen turkey sausage patties are pretty cool.

Also, _Gilmore Girls_ has been on lately here in the house. Alex and Leah watch it together. Very Mother/Daughter-y.

Leah and I have a list of shows which we will never watch, ever. When they come on the screen whilst channel-surfing, we must change the channel immediately. We started with _That 70's Show_. We added _That's So Raven_ recently. We're considering adding _Blind Justice_ as well.

I came across this essay on sales technique while searching for instances of the phrase "Coffee is for Closers", a line from _Glengarry Glen Ross_.

That's all for now kids. More another day.A Little BehindMural of the day...


A Montpelier High School senior prank turned out to be as beautiful as it is clever, leaving school administrators uncertain how to react to an uncommissioned large celestial ceiling mural.

The mural, a painting of swirling clouds, stars and a sun in the sky, was apparently done Tuesday morning from midnight to 4 a.m. in the main lobby, Principal Peter Evans said. School administration is unsure how students entered the building, because there appears there was no forced entry.

Evans said when he returned to school on Tuesday after the holiday weekend, he looked up at the mural on the lobby ceiling and thought it was an art class project. He soon learned that it was the Montpelier High School class of 2005's senior prank, a tradition that has a more troublesome impact on the school. About 170 ceiling tiles were painted, he said.

"In this position we try to figure out how to deal with a case of vandalism that's really quite beautiful," Evans said.

In previous years, the departing class took books off of library shelves, piled snow in front of entrances, and even brought a portable toilet into the school, Evans said. This year's prank is reflective of the graduating class, Evans said, because they are creative and often challenge school administration to think about what is right and wrong.


Source: The Barre Montpelier Times Argus

I love the idea of doing a beautiful piece of grafitti as a prank.Prank I can get behindSo some fellow drove up here to Simi Valley from L.A. and holed up with a gun at the local Wal-Mart -- Shooting suspect holed up in Wal-Mart -- Shooting spree a shock for California community. The man later committed suicide in the store.

Terrible.

All this happened on Monday/Tuesday, and I totally missed it.

That Wal-Mart is about 4 miles away. And though we avoid it, I have been there twice.Shooting/Simi Valley

Star Wars, Episode III, originally uploaded by ellison.

Last week Devon and I sneaked away and saw an afternoon showing of _Revenge of the Sith_. We were greeted with the startling visage of Meg Vader, pictured here.

Oh, on the right, that's also Blockerman, sporting his custom-made "Prequels Suck" t-shirt. That man has style.

*Related*: Read Leah's true story from the other night: Darth Devon at Ralph's.Meg VaderDon't wait too long to cook your asparagus.

Don't leave the ladder on the lawn.

Don't watch _That's So Raven_.

Don't call a 7" bookcase a 10" bookcase.

Don't run out of ketchup and soy milk.

Don't leave the car windows unrolled when the sprinklers are scheduled to turn on.

Don't sit too hard on the $19.95 beanbag chair.

Don't go to Wal-Mart.

Don't tug on Superman's cape.

Don't spit into the wind.

Don't pull the mask off the old Lone Ranger.

Don't mess around with Jim.

TipsLive in Simi Valley or anywhere in Western Ventura County? Check out this -- Insomniac Cinema. Here's the email I just got via their mailing list.


---------- Forwarded message ----------From: Insomniac Cinema! &lt;andrew [at] insomniaccinema.com&gt;
Date: Jun 2, 2005 7:37 PM
Subject: Insomniac Cinema! -- June

http://www.insomniaccinema.com

Hello everyone,

The following is the schedule for June and July.  The July shows will have play dates in Westlake Village and Ventura.

June: (Westlake Only)
4th -- Alfred Hitchcock's: The Birds
11th -- Alfred Hitchcock's: Psycho
18th -- Super Troopers
25th -- The Big Lebowski

July: Westlake --All shows start at Midnight
2nd -- Casablanca
9th -- The Godfather
16th -- Scarface
23rd -- Fight Club
30th -- Requiem for a Dream

July: Ventura--7:30 PM start time for shows
July 7th, Casablanca
July 14th, The Godfather
July 21st, Scarface
July 28th, Fight Club
August 4th, Requeim For A Dream

*************
As we do expect a full house for The Big Lebowski, tickets will go on-sale June 11 at 11PM.
*************

As always all seats are $8.00

Westlake Village Twin
4711 Lakeview Canyon Road
Westlake Village, CA 91361

Regency Buenaventura 6 (formally MANN)
1440 Eastman Ave.
Ventura, CA 93003

Thanks for all the support and I hope to see you all out for a show!

Andrew Gualtieri
Insomniac Cinema!

http://www.insomniaccinema.com/
Insomniac CinemaLullabies Lyrics: Patron Saint Of Mine:


I climb on through sweet midnight's window
leave the cold behind
and sit down on your bed and drink red wine
observe me from a distance
I'm ugly and genuine

sing oh sweet patron saint of mine

now your boutique is so unique
I'm glad I stopped to browse
the poetry and colors you arouse
upon your neon divan
mild beyond divine

Lyrics of the day
Garage
Originally uploaded by artlung


This weekend, we actually made headway on this. We have a pile of cardboard to recycle. Books on our bookshelves inside thanks to Leah. Oh, and the garage no longer looks like this image from two weeks ago.

A lot of work got done this weekend, of this kind, and others too.GarageOn Saturday the theme seemed to be France. Leah and I awoke and took it easy. We watched some TV, and the first thing we settled on was most of La Femme Nikita, a downbeat French thriller with a downbeat ending. Nikita is a killer in the movie, trying to carry on a relationship. The premise of the film is impossible -- junkie trained to be super-assassin -- but it is handled with such delicacy it feels plausible and sad. It's a perfect mating of an art film and an action movie.

Later we had on Forget Paris, which I did not care for very much. I didn't think much of it the first time either.

I thought a few times about Andrew Phelps,  a San Diegan travelling in France now and blogging and taking pictures about it. I also thought about Francophile Tom Bickle whose blog gravitates to France the way mine gravitates to Frank Zappa.

Also on the France tip: the photos associated with the little giant and the elephant are amazing: see Royal de Luxe
at Nantes for photos of the most astoundingly beautiful steampunk marionette artistry ever.

I have been to Paris twice. Once with my family, and once with my ex-wife. The second time I was sick as a dog. Funny to think of it. I wish I had blog entries from that time. Hmm.. actually, I did keep a scrapbook from my first visit. Pretty extensive I think.

I think sometimes about retroactively blogging. That is, taking old scrapbook entries and old calendar entries and putting them online. To what end though? Who is interested in me passing a Physics test in 1990? Or taking care of someone with ARDS in 1994? I have records and data to support these little moments. But what do I remember of them? Is there something to be gained? I am certain many people must have done this and are doing this. I wonder if it would be worthwhile.

Leah and I got to bed late last night. She went directly to sleep tonight. I'm not quite ready, but will also retire early.
The France ThemeThe following story is a big signifier for how stupid airplane security has gotten in the United States.


komo news | 'This Is Not Right'
DES MOINES - Cecilia Beaman is a 57-year-old grandmother, a principal at Pacific Middle School in Des Moines, and as of Sunday is also a suspected terrorist.





"This is not right," she told us. It's not right!"

This past weekend she and several other chaperones took 37 middle school students to a Heritage Festival band competition in California. The trip included two days at Disneyland.

During the stay she made sandwiches for the kids and was careful to pack the knives she used to prepare those sandwiches in her checked luggage. She says she even alerted security screeners that the knives were in her checked bags and they told her that was OK.

But Beaman says she couldn't find a third knife. It was a 5 1/2 inch bread knife with a rounded tip and a serrated edge. She thought she might have lost or misplaced it during the trip.

On the trip home, screeners with the Transportation Security Administration at Los Angeles International Airport found it deep in the outside pocket of a carry-on cooler. Beaman apologized and told them it was a mistake.

"You've committed a felony," Beaman says a security screener announced. "And you're considered a terrorist."

Beaman says she was told her name would go on a terrorist watch-list and that she would have to pay a $500 fine.

"I'm a 57-year-old woman who is taking care of 37 kids," she told them. "I'm not gonna commit a terrorist act." Beaman says they took information from her Washington drivers license and confiscated and photographed the knife according to standard operating procedure.

She says screeners refused to give her paperwork or documentation of her violation, documentation of the pending fine, or a copy of the photograph of the knife.

"They said 'no' and they said it's a national security issue. And I said what about my constitutional rights? And they said 'not at this point ... you don't have any'."

KOMO News did reach a spokesperson with the Transportation Security Administration for comment. They said they did not have record of Beaman's confrontation but did admit that TSA screeners are, by design, becoming more strict.

Despite continued warnings to passengers, TSA screeners say travelers continue to bring banned items in their carry-on luggage. Knives, guns, and other weapons are found and confiscated daily.

Fines issued for knives and other sharp objects range from $250 to $1,500. Fines issued for firearms discovered in carry-on luggage range from $1,500 to $7,500.

The TSA web site also indicates firearms violations will be referred for potential criminal prosecution. The same site does not propose the same criminal referral for knives like the one Cecilia Beaman was carrying.

"This is not the way my country should be treating me," she said. My concern is that if that's the way they're treating American citizens I would hate to think how they're treating other people. It's crazy."

The TSA reminds travelers that is has the authority to impose civil penalties up to $10,000 per violation.

"TSA needs the help of the traveling public in reducing the number of prohibited items brought to airport screening checkpoints," reads the Sanction Guidelines section of the TSA web site. "TSA recognizes that most passengers who carry prohibited items do so without any ill intent. TSA does not impose fines on the vast number of passengers who inadvertently carry prohibited items. Dealing with any prohibited item, however, adds time to the screening process both for the traveler who brought the item and for other travelers as well."

You can find a complete list of banned items, range of fines levied for violations, and information on how to plead your case with the TSA at http://www.tsa.gov.
komo news | 'This Is Not Right'I awoke so sleepy this morning. Busy day yesterday.

What do I get in this morning's email? A wonderful note of _naissance_: the birth of Julien Joseph, to Laura et Joe, two friends and former employers. Where? In France man. France. What was I just saying? It's a whole French thing happening lately.

Here's a pic of the little gar&ccedil;on:



Man, that kid is cute. Check also the special appearance of Ceasar, Joe and Laura's other kid in the photos. ;-)

_Muchos felicidades to Joe, Laura, and Julien!_

More at lwilber.com.Expatriate Francophile American Babies!KESQ NewsChannel 3 Palm Springs, CA: Rove says Reagan had "a first-rate mind"... I think this explains what the handful of protesters near the Reagan Presidential Library the other day.

Karl Rove was in the neighborhood.

Update: And the Moorpark College Democrats were there. Dude. Another local blog. _Looks like it needs some proofreading._That explains the placard-holdersAnonymized.


She parries and weaves
She dances
She struggles with her faith
She dances and the world is new
She talks and shows her self
She has unlimited potential and reminds me of mine


It seems a bit like poetry, though it's about someone who I don't speak to anymore, so it's defiantly bittersweet. I'm hesitant even to post it, but by posting it here I can get it out of my system and throw it away.

I'm reminded of the scene in _A River Runs Through It_, when the father has the son write something, a story. The boy gives it to the father, the father approves and says "throw it away." Then the child is released and eagerly scampers off to play.

Writing can be transient, and be safely thrown away.

Though here, the writing is permanent.

Or, at least as permanent as the hosting of artlung.com, and attendant backups.

I'm reminded of William Gibson's book _Agrippa: A Book of the Dead_, from 1992. It is described here as "Ruminations on memory and family, fragmented. Released as a limited edition encrypted program on floppy, designed to self-destruct when read. Some versions came with self-destructing artwork by Dennis Ashbaugh. Eventually decoded by hackers, versions of the text are available on the net."

My 22 year old self wanted to buy it.  It was far too expensive.

But indeed it is available on the net.

The net wants to remember. The real world, possibly, wants to forget.

Entropy.

I'm reminded of the Love & Rockets song _No New Tale To Tell_, with its' line _"You cannot go against nature / cause when you do / go against nature / it's part of nature too"_.

The theme is recursion, catch-22, and entropy this morning.

Anyway. The paper will now be recycled into something else. And time flows onward.

Or maybe the theme is impermanence.

Or maybe the theme is permanence.

Today, the net remembers.

I remember too. Today is the anniversary of my parents, and I remember or misremember that it was either me or my sister, when presented with photos of my parents' wedding, asked "Where was I?"

Which is a neat question.

Neither of us existed,  yet. Not yet conceived. Not yet born.

The trick is that maybe we didn't exist as we know existence to be, but perhaps in the minds of our parents as an idea of _having children_. Or perhaps in matters of the _soul_ or _spirit_. Or in a materialistic sense, our _matter_ existed somewhere on the earth. Or maybe something else, elusive.

So where were we?

It's a good question.

_Onward._Ruminations on a scrap of paper I am throwing awayWhoa.

It's strange to visit Mark Cuban's Blog and see that my very own name "Joe Crawford" is right there on the first post.

Of course, I'm not _that_ Joe Crawford, he's referring to the NBA referee.

There is no home page for him that I can find. After all, I own joecrawford.com, but you can learn more about this veteran NBA ref with a google search for joe crawford nba referee.

I'm not that Joe Crawford.Not That Joe CrawfordNot a word I thought I'd hear from my stepson about a sandwich I made him 'cause he's out of school early today, but I'm glad to hear it.

And frankly, I made one of like kind and yeah, the word is definitely "scrumptious" for the sandwich.

Turkey, lettuce, trimmings.

Nice surprise that he's out early.

Okay, back to work."Scrumptious"Not a high-water mark.

Found out the wife of a friend has a terminal brain tumor. 2 or 4 or 7 years to live so they say. Hope for a miracle.

Lost my cool and patience last night.

Power cord to the we-rely-on-it laptop is about to come apart and needs replacement.

Had ants show up in the kitchen after leaving lettuce out for like 20 minutes.

Some unhappiness over something I said that caused hurt feelings to someone I love.

Not a great day, yesterday.

I guess that's why we get another chance today.

And tomorrow.

Seriously, yo, damn it, _onward_.



YesterdayThere's a great Prince song called Housequake. From what the news and online forums say, California is having _oodles_ of earthquake activity. Out here in Simi Valley,  to the northwest of Los Angeles we (Leah and I)  have not felt a thing so far. Not sure that that means. Are we just situated wrong to feel these things? We're bloody close to Northridge here, like, just over the hill. I don't have a good sense of the quake statistics for this area.

The Prince wikipedia article is pretty awesome and thorough.

Yesterday was much better than the day before.

I'm feeling positive-er.

Though this weekend I'm batch'n it (as in Bachelor). Leah will fly out on a trip (family deal) and will be back after the weekend. I wish her well in that endeavour, and I will miss her. Heck, I miss her already and she just left for work! :-)

Rearranged the office yesterday, got the Mac situated with two monitors (The Way God Intended Computers To Be, _ha ha_) which is nice. Still do work primarily on the Windows box.

Yesterday was Alex's promotion from 8th grade. Kind of wild. I'm thankful not to be in grade school anymore.

Tuesday I start my summer class. It's a class in Visual Basic. It transfers and is another language I can take. In the fall I really want to take the Data Structures class. That's something that I've been reading about, but to get a "structured" (ha) course in it should be fun.

Thanks for the well wishes about my friend and his wife with the tumor. Expect a miracle.

Misty morning, time to start the day.

I have more deskspace. Maybe I'll hook up the scanner and do some of that.

Okay, take care, and _onward_.Housequake

Batman & Robin are &copy;DC Comics

(I said I'd be doing some scanning. Given the _Batman Begins_ movie is out right now, this seemed appropriate)Batman & Robin Bookmark, 1988

I have no idea what the "last line" text there is. This archaeology of old drawings is kinda kicky. It's nice to have an office with enough room to get at the scanner.Boxer, 1990Red Girl, 1988Robot Boy, 1988

This is the best idea I've seen in a long time:

A bill before Congress, H.R.1785 and S. 244,  initiated by students, to put an abridged version of the Constitution on the back of U.S. currency.

via:robotwisdomLiberty Bill: Put The Constitution on the Dollar1. Total Number of Books You Own

Man. I'm not even sure. Before we moved I had many hundreds I think. We gave away to Goodwill many of our books. And how do I count graphic novels, of which I have many?

Let's say I have 200, plus minus. And since I'm married, do I count books that came via Leah? Not sure.

2. The Last Book(s) I Bought

Leaving the Saints by Martha Beck. Granted, I bought this for Leah because she asked me last time I was in Borders Bookstore here in Simi Valley.

3. The Last Book(s) I Read

I have a habit of grazing over books and not quite finishing them lately. It's sad to say I can't remember the last book I read to completion. It might be Salmon of Doubt by Douglas Adams, but I'm not sure.

4. The Book(s) I Am Currently Reading

Not Otherwise Specified by Leah Peah is the book that I read in the tub and when I have spare time. It's good. And I'm pretty objective.

I think I got stuck unfinishing books with Neal Stephenson's "The Baroque Cycle" books: Quicksilver, The Confusion, and The System of the World. These are long (900 pages or more) books with dense prose. Good, but not exactly "popcorn" literature. It's frustrating because Stephenson is a three-way tie for first for my favorite author.

5. Fiction or Non-Fiction?

Yes, both.

6. The First Book I Read

I have no idea. Maybe it was Charlotte's Web, which I read with my Mom when I was perhaps 6 years old? I really don't know though. I'm sure there were children's books I read when I was much younger. I loved the Richard Scarry books. I liked very much Green Eggs &amp; Ham by Dr. Seuss of course. Which of these I read first I am not sure.

7. Largest Impact

This is a tough question.

The first book that pops to mind is Islands in the Net by Bruce Sterling. I first read it in 1988. I had been to a signing at a bookstore in La Jolla. William Gibson was signing Mona Lisa Overdrive, and as an aside walked over to the new hardback books and said "This is the guy who really thinks about this stuff," it's great. That book was Islands in the Net, and the author was Bruce Sterling.

That book is densely packed with ideas about the world that are relevant today. It's got email addresses in it. It's got drone aircraft that carry out assasinations. It's got a ubiquitous internet where people work and play. It's got scary data havens and offshore banks, postnationalist gangsters, and more. Much of it is dated, I believe there's still a Soviet Union in it. But pound for pound it's full of stuff.

Runner Up: The Diamond Age: A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer by Neal Stephenson, Neuromancer by William Gibson, Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson, The Difference Engine by William Gibson and Bruce Sterling. For similar reasons, these are books which got me thinking about the world where we now live, before we lived there.

These are all fiction, and science fiction at that. I suppose the myths of science fiction affect me more than anything else.

In the nonfiction realm the book that has had the largest impact is probably The Road Less Traveled by M. Scott Peck. It's about maturity and marriage and being in touch with ones' feelings. It's a book I enjoyed and thought interesting when I was younger, but I really discovered the wisdom of the book when my marriage fell apart. It was comforting to be presented with the truth "life is hard" -- and it gives a mechanism to enjoy that life regardless of that difficulty.

8. Favorite Scholarly Book(s)

You Just Don't Understand by Deborah Tannen is the first one that pops to mind. It's about the differences in communication styles between men and women. It's eye-opening and rather mind-blowing.

The Vanishing Hitchhiker: American Urban Legends and Their Meanings by Jan Harold Brunvand is great too. It's all about these myths Americans carry around and their meanings. Whenever I hear of internet hoaxes I think about this book, because it shows how people take on legends as truth. Urban legends insinuate themselves into the fabric of our belief system.

The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark by Carl Sagan. This is an excellent book warning about our ignorance of science and how it impacts the way life is lived in the modern age.

Oh, and I can't forget Philip &amp; Alex's Guide to Web Publishing by Philip Greenspun, where I learned everything I need to know about web publishing. No, actually, Database-backed websites: The Thinking Person's Guide to Web Publishing is more seminal. Greatly influenced my thinking about the web and why the web works.

9. Most Read Book

Probably Islands in the Net, or Philip &amp; Alex's Guide to Web Publishing. They're "kick in the pants" type books. Fire the neurons, get me inspired.

10. Sexiest Book

Hmm. Maybe Vox by Nicholson Baker. I was a big fan of his for a while. But I think I outgrew him at some point. It's an old book, and sexy.

11. Biggest Disappointments

See above: the books in The Baroque Cycle, but only because I'm disappointed in myself for not finishing them... yet.

12. Five Books that Mean Something to You

Well, see above, really. I think I was inadvertently answering this question above. If I had to put it to the top five, let's make it:


Islands in the Net by Bruce Sterling
Philip &amp; Alex's Guide to Web Publishing by Philip Greenspun
The Road Less Traveled by M. Scott Peck
Neuromancer by William Gibson
Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson


*13. Consider Yourself Tagged

I inflicted the music meme on a bunch of people, I think I'll not pass this one along. But anyone listed on my blogroll should consider themselves tagged. But I'd sure not want to peer pressure anyone into this.

This was fun! Thanks Meg!
The Book Baton (Books of Importance To Me)Or thereabouts.



Pretty nifty how you can plug a flight number and airline name into google and get links to flight status information in pretty-much realtime.

The irony is Leah's going into work when she arrives, and by the time work is over, and she's on her way home, I'll be off to my first class at Moorpark College.

But I'll see her tonight. :-)Leah's halfway home!Leah came home (Yay!)

Had my first class. It's not so much Visual Basic as a Visual Basic.NET course, which is fine by me. .NET is something I've managed to learn nothing of, so this should be fun.

The instructor warned us that it's packing into the summer session of 7 weeks what would normally be a 16 week course. He warned us to be ready, and if that doesn't sound like something we can do, now's the time to bug out.

Bring it on baby.

G'nite!Good Day

I remember this one as one of several I made by looking out the window on a train trip from Roanoke (well, actually, from Clifton Forge, Virginia) on my way to Washington, D.C.

My 19 year old self was on his way to see a David Byrne concert in D.C. I had no reservations for a hotel or motel, and I went a day ahead. I was either not crazy about the idea of driving, or I had been banned access to the car because of the two wrecks I had had prior to moving to Virginia. That's a whole other story.

Anyway, the train ride was really wonderful. I got to read, and to draw, and to think. It was the furthest I'd ever gone anywhere, alone. I had gone to Fullerton and Los Angeles before on my own, but never where I was going on my own, and not staying with anyone. I had no idea at the time, but it was a big transitional moment for me, where I was starting to realize I had some measure of independence.

I arrived with my giant backpack, after sundown. I wandered around Georgetown and found a dinky little motel. The room, I swear, was about 5 feet wide and 20 feet long. I settled in, walked to the Tower Records in Georgetown.

In the years before the internet one could not find good music easily. A Tower Records was like a temple of music. Roanoke did not have much in the way of music stores, and like the character in High Fidelity I was just enough of a jerk to judge people by their music. Well, not entirely, but music taste was a much larger factor in how I judged people back then. I picked up two cassette tapes --  the soundtrack to the movie Stormy Weather, and  The Sensual World by Kate Bush. And I think I found a by-the-slice pizza joint and went back to the dinky motel for the night.

I remember feeling dislocated, but it was an okay dislocation. Like, I could have done anything, but I really sort of didn't.

The next day I went to the Library of Congress and took the tour. I was geeking out in Library mode. I had worked at the main Downtown Library in San Diego the Summer before and it was so cool to see the inner workings of the LoC. I think I also went to the National Archives to look at those old, crucial pieces of paper.

That night I saw David Byrne on his Rei Momo tour. It was a good show, but the thing that sticks with me more than anything, and which I think I have never shared with anyone, was at one point Byrne yelled at the crew that they were messing up the lights. It seemed to be so out of step with the clinical, logical Byrne who I had idolized in Talking Heads, and whose collaboration with Brian Eno My Life In The Bush of Ghosts was so inspirational to me.

You kids may not remember, but My Life In The Bush of Ghosts was full of tape loops and was part of the curve of electronic and experimental music that now we pretty much take for granted. Of course then it was all done analog.

Byrne's outburst was a "these gods have clay feet" moment for me, and while the concert was a lot of fun, 16 years later his meanness to the crew stands out to me. Perhaps because I too have moments like that, and it's something I have been working on understanding and lessening. Not the outburst itself, but the mental state that leads to it. Sometimes a person has to vent, but usually if you need to vent, somewhere along the line you were not taking care of some other vital aspect of yourself.

I think the show was at Constitution Hall. Somewhere in one of my scrapbooks I think I have a ticket stub.

I think I took the train out the next day. Perhaps I went to another museum the next day, but my memory is hazy.  I remember it took a lot of planning to pull this little trip. A trip pulled off without the use of email, the web, mapquest, or cellular phones.

It was a good trip and I'm glad I kept this drawing as an artifact to stimulate my memory of it.

Virginia Landscape, 1989Dear Lazyweb,

I know I've never asked anything of you. But my stepson, Tony (11 years old) just got the gift of a PSP (Playstation Portable, and if I have to tell you that I don't think you can help me) for his birthday from his bioDad.

Said bioDad is having a hard time finding anything but "mature" games for the PSP.

Any ideas for kid-friendly games for the PSP? Up to "T for Teens" would be awesome. "M for Mature" is a no-no for him at this point.

Any other ideas for cool stuff for the PSP are welcome too. I know it can do more than just games, no?

Suggestions of games or trustworthy sites to do research on would be most welcome. I'm videogame illiterate. Though at the laundromat the other night I got the high score on Ms. Pac Man.

Wow that makes me feel old. Ms. Pac Man was pretty cool TWENTY-FIVE years ago.Dear Lazyweb, help me with PSP games!Anyone else use Rojo to read and find RSS feeds from friends?

I just joined up. Looks interesting.
Rojo?

With colored pencil.

He's got a nice, circumspect look to him.

I also love the hair.Old Guy with Glasses, 1990

The hair is good. I liked doing drawings of girls back then. They all seemed to have the same or similar hair. Cropped close or slicked back on the sides, with a wild mane on top. Quick strokes in pen that were made expressively and fast. No editing. No pencil. I hated pencils back then. Get it right the first time. Mistake? Do it again.

Hands, not so much. Those hands are in their pockets not just because she's playing it cool and standoffish, but because drawing the hands of a pretty girl was difficult.Leather Jacket Girl, 1989For those of you who miss me posting more links, like artlung.com/links, you should check out del.icio.us/artlung to see what I've been looking at lately.
del.icio.us/artlung and links

Another one of a girl. Again, slightly punky hair.

I like the cross-hatching on the sweater.

Funny that I never know, as I look through old drawings, what will catch my eye to post. I think I'm trying to post things that look "finished" somehow.

Have you noticed all these "drawings" are in pen? Yes, most were done with a Micron Pigma or similar fine/very fine black felt pens with sharp points.

I feel like I "discovered" the Micron Pigma in Little Tokyo (in downtown Los Angeles) in one of the small shops there. It was relatively cheap, made a great line, and seemed so exotic. Now they're much easier to find, thankfully.

I remember being obsessed with finding the right pen back then. Like, the key to being a good artist or cartoonist was to get the right pen.

A naive view.

Do what you can with what you have.Sunglasses Girl with Sweater, 1989

An experiment in watercolor.

Color stands out in my notebooks because most of what I've ever made has been with pen and only pen.Orange Green Guy, 1989

1982. I was attending school at Christ The King Church in Gretna, Louisiana. My nickname was &#8220;Crawdaddy&#8221; among the other kids. If you live in Louisiana and your last name is Crawford, you're pretty much gonna get called Crawdad, Crawfish, or Crawdaddy. These words are what they call Crayfish.

Gretna is just outside Louisiana, just on the other side of the Mississippi River. Flat, green. Canals all around. When I have read more about how New Orleans works, and how swampy it was, and how tenuous a city it is, I'm really impressed. I mean, they can't bury their dead in cemeteries there, they have to have above-ground mauseleums &#8212; that's how high the water table is. It's an alien, French/Not-Quite-French place.

I remember going back in 2000, I spoke on the topic of web accessibility at CNet Builder Live. I had a great time returning to the city. I listened to Jazz at Preservation Hall in the French Quarter. I hung out with Kynn, ate Red Beans &amp; Rice a few times. It was a good time. New Orleans is a really wonderful tourist destination, in part because you can skim the surface of it and there's so much to see. I suppose it's telling that there's a New Orleans Square at Disneyland.

I remember Mardi Gras. I remember getting lost at Mardis Gras. We had come over from Gretna to watch Parades. Maybe Bacchus or one of the other Crewes. We came over the bridge, and we were not really nearby home. I got lost. Apparently my parents were frantic, and trying to get the National Guardsmen to find me. Or were they Marines? Anyway, they were huge men in uniform.

Me? I watched the parade. I didn't worry too much about finding my parents. I wonder if I felt I didn't need to? Probably I knew that things would be fine, even if the streets were packed with thousands of people. Eventually the parade would end and I'd find my parents.

Now, to those of you wondering about the parades, and how much debauchery there is. Well, when I was in New Orleans I went to the non-risqu&eacute; parades, which was the majority. For those of you thinking the parades at Mardi Gras are all &#8220;Show Us Your Tits&#8221;, well, that wasn't my experience. That stuff all happens down in the French Quarter, and I was not exposed to it.

For me it was about the beads, I think that's what it is for all the kids. Beads beads beads. Up until three weeks ago I still had some Mardi Gras Beads. There's not much special about them, they're cheap costume jewelry. But the point is they get thrown down and you have to catch them and snatch them. Imagine that a baseball field was nothing but fly balls, and everyone has a mitt. That's what watching a parade was like for me as a 12-year old. It's a competition to get the most beads, and of course doubloons. They're coins, cheap, I think made from aluminum, inscribed with the name of the crewe, and/or the theme of the parade. Oh, and different parade members will throw out cups and other novelties. I remember being thrown a plastic 7" single. Someone promoting their music via parade droppings. Oh, you're wondering why I don't have the beads anymore? Well, three (or was it four?) weeks ago Leah and I had a garage sale and I sold off my last bag of beads. We needed the dough, and the garage space, and I thought they might sell. A woman bought them for her small daughter. Perfect use for these things that had been sitting in various boxes and ziplock bags for 24 years.

Twenty-four years ago I was 12 years old and sitting in Mr. Fuchs (yes, as kids we had fun with his name, very dangerous to make puns or mispronounce a name like &#8220;Fuchs&#8221;) English class and I drew the Robot Fighter. The Robot Fighter is armed, and the giant robot attacking him is huge, and heavily, ridiculously armed. The giant robot has guns in its kneecaps, for goodness sake. I suppose the Robot Fighter represented me. We lived in New Orleans for two years. And I suppose even though my childhood was happy, I also endured a lot of stresses, growing up on the move. I would not in any way take back my childhood, but I remember that I was kind of an alien kid, and it took skills on my part to fit in, to find a place. I suppose it was there that I started to take on the aspect of the nerd or geek. I would draw. I was way into Star Wars. I remember finding a Death Star playset in the trash. IN THE TRASH! How could someone do that? Sure, it seemed to be covered in honey or tree sap or something, but I found it, and I cleaned it, and I kept it. Something like that cannot be put to waste!

I remember a few kids I really thought were cool. Greg Griffin, &#8220;Booger&#8221; Becker, Ritchie Gautreaux. I wonder if they'll google this someday and find themselves. Pat Keating collected stickers, smelly stickers I think. You would scratch them and they smelled, and he had a notebook devoted to this hobby. And for a while we played marbles and everyone had to try and have the best marbles ever.

And I remember stealing once. Once. I pilfered a Halloween Mask from the drugstore on the way to school. I think I may have bought a baby ruth candy bar as a cover. I must've slipped it into my jacket or something. Even 24 years later, I'm ashamed. I'm happy to say I never made stealing a part of my character. I think I was scared by how easy it was to do. Like, shouldn't there be security? Well in my teens I took an ashtray from Del Taco. I still have the ashtray &#8212; it's really good for holding change. I think I used it once to actually let someone smoke. And it's glass, so it cleans up real nice so I don't actually have to have anything smoky lingering in it.

I wonder why the Robot Fighter doesn't negotiate with the bad robot. I guess I could not see compromise as a way to be for the Robot Fighter. Empathy is not something they build-in from the Robot Factory. Heck, everyone knows that, from Terminator 2. Robot Fighters have to learn things along the way though: to stay alive, fight evil, be happy and carry out their missions. That's the key, to know when to lower your defenses and risk your self to be a part of the world.
Robot Fighter, 1982

Created during a respiratory therapy class.

I took a lot of notes, and occasionally I would doodle non-respiratory things.

I love the name "Tim" for a dog.Tim the Dog, 1990

During High School my family had a pad of paper next to our phone. It had little squares of flimsy construction paper. They were perfect little comic panels.Square Guy, 1988

When I was 7 years old I really liked comic book characters and would draw them.

When I am 35 years old, I talk about Ra's Al Ghul and Anakin as exemplars of the idea that the end justifies the means with my stepsons. Questioning the wisdom of this outlook, of course.

Comic books are modern myths, and they instruct and entertain.

These avatars and archetypes are a part of how I view the world at a level that even I probably do not fully appreciate.Flash: The Fastest Man Alive, 1977From my scrapbook archives, a Book of Revelations bit of nuttery



14 years later. Where's those end times?Crackpot Junk Mail, 1992

"Dog No Where" reminds me of "Goodbye Che."

There's definitely something about that _sadness_, that sense of loss, that I like. It's probably why sometimes I like to listen to Mazzy Star and Morrissey.Dog No Where, 1989

For a period after graduating from High School I was doing a lot of watercolor.

I never was much for sword and sorcery stuff. Dragons and faeries and guys in armor. I never got into Lord of the Rings or The Hobbit or any of that stuff. But I loved my comics and science fiction. The fantasy stuff was just not realistic.

The exception was probably Matt Wagner&#8217;s Mage series, which I had discovered when I was in driving school, which would have been 1986 or so. I really learned to appreciate the Arthurian Mythology in that. Mage was a reimagining of Arthur&#8217;s tale in a modern venue. I loved it.

This watercolor, really just a vignette,  stands out because it is in a fantasy vein. I even (gasp) took the time to do a drawing in pencil before laying down color.

I suppose it&#8217;s similar to Robot Fighter, 1982 in that it&#8217;s a little guy up against a big guy. Something about the underdog definitely appeals to me. Always root for the underdog.

I suppose that underdog is me.

Onward.
Hero vs. Dragon, 1987

The garage may be much cleaner than it was, but there's still unsorted stuff out there.

This is from a small sketchbook we took with us to Utah this Christmastime.

Several members of Leah's family made drawings with the watercolor pencils, this is one of mine. Not terrific, but not bad either.

It's pretty.

Night before last I dreamt we lived on the sea.

I'm still a little groggy this morning.

I think it'll be a good day.Seascape, 2004

Funny how angry and boxed in I felt in 1989. This communicates frustration.

Thankfully, much has changed.Angry Fellow in a Box, 1989

A tree I created with brush and ink and water, 1990.

It's organic, yet a bit mechanical as well.

I chose this one because it reminded me of some of Leah's trees, as in these, and most particularly, these.

Leah uses a straw to blow the ink this way and that way. I think I tilted the paper to get some of the "draining" effect.Tree, 1990

In 1997, I was still working as a Respiratory Therapist. I was working at a hospital in downtown Los Angeles.

So this is an image of a man I was going to be giving a treatment to.

Instead, I discovered the man was not breathing, and was pulseless. He was dead.

I don't know how long he was dead, but I called a code blue, the code team assembled and tried to revive him, and after we had done those mechanical procedures, he was declared dead and we moved on.

It was not a busy night, so I cleaned up the oxygen equipment and resuscitation bags and miscellaneous respiratory therapy gear. The nurses removed his IV lines and miscellaneous room items. They assembled his personal items for retrieval by next-of-kin.

I took two minutes and drew this dead man on the back of my assignment sheet. A few quick strokes of the pen on a laser printout capturing the last image made of a man.

It's strange to me to see this drawing, because it takes my mind back to the moment when I found him, and calling the code, and working on him, "breathing" for him.

My work no longer involves coming across dead men in the night, or breathing for them, or comforting the sick.

Sometimes I miss that work, but then sometimes I don't, either.

It's a tricky thing to work with death and dying on a day-to-day basis. It's invigorating, yet draining.

I may not ever work in respiratory therapy ever again, but there is wiring in my brain for doing that job that won't go away: _call the code, check pulse, check respirations, secure the airway, ventilate, begin chest compressions, prepare the chest for shock, shock at 200 joules, check for a pulse..._

The wiring may have cobwebs on it, but it's still there. Some archetypal version of "Clinician Joe" hidden in there.

When I started scanning these drawings I had no idea where it might take me. I certainly never expected to find drawings from work, but the truth is I think I have lots of little drawings from when I worked at the hospital.

So we'll see where they take me.

_Onward._Dead Man, 1997

A cartoony abstract.

There's a dialogue between the two men -- the abstract man front and center, and the seemingly skeptical man on the right hand side.

I was decidedly ambivalent about abstraction in my own work. It was enjoyable, but I wasn't quite sure it was _relevant_ in any way to anything I was doing.

I love abstraction now, Leah's work is abstract, for example. Then, as now, I admire Pollock and Mir&oacute; as well. That said, I also love some powerful realism as in Alex Grey, and of course the painters of the Renaissance.

The tension between these tastes is satisfied in my enjoyment of Salvador Dali, who was abstract, realistic, and surreal, in addition to having a ravenous taste for fame and media presentation.

What was I talking about? Oh, art.

That must be why I digressed.Abstract Composition, 1987



Archaeology: Me in 1991 and 1993 on separate vacations, in panoramic photos.

Of particular note: seeing the World Trade Center in the background is a bit odd. Also, note the hair lengths here. This was on the path to long hair.Narcissism, 1991 & 1993Some people I share the initials "J.C" with. I had this on paper from over 10 years ago. I'm throwing out the list, and blogging it:

Jack CadeJack ColeJacques-Yves CousteauJames ChadwickJames CookJames CrichtonJames CabellJesus ChristJohn CabotJohn CalvinJohn CarverJohn CheeverJohn ColetJohn Chapman aka "Johnny Appleseed"Johnny CochranJoseph CannonJoseph ConradJulius Ceasar

*And two Cee-Jays:*

Calamity JaneCracker Jack

More about the Jaycees aka "United States Junior Chamber"

This is an utterly useless post. I hope you enjoyed it.Jaycees

Another invented character. I like him, but he really does not have much of a personality beyond looking lanky and bemused.

Great name though.Dwayne the Bear, 1990

From my journals. An illustration of a wooden fish I bought on the beach at Estero, in Baja California.

We were staying at the cheap campground on the resort, waverunning and such. I haggled and got what seemed like a good price. I think I gave it away as a gift, but I honestly can't remember.

Estero Beach now has a website: www.hotelesterobeach.com -- yeah, we stayed in the RV campground. I'd stay there again. It was a good time. I went there with my aunt, my uncle, and my sister.

This was the time when I was the most scared of dying. I got thrown off the waverunner in heavy surf and could not get back on. I was a few hundred yards offshore, the surf was high, and I could not see anyone, onshore or offshore. Utterly alone, awkward, and tired, I struggled for quite a while, thinking I was doomed to die.

Well, I didn't die, and the waverunning was pretty awesome.
Estero Beach Wooden Fish, 1993

When I was a sophomore in high school I had a friend named Jason Erwin. He was an oddball, computer nerd, and geek. I distinctly remember being driven to see _The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai_ with him. He was cool.

I don't remember what the debt was, but in return for _some_ debt from him I got a copy of the book _Neuromancer_, by William Gibson. This would've been 1983 or 1984.

Whatever the original debt was, it was worth it. The paperback blew me away. It was this strange world, it was a "dystopia," a word which I didn't yet know. It had this "net," this "cyberspace," that was completely ubiquitous. It felt like the future.

I wanted to sign up for a cranial jack. I wanted to wear leather and have implanted memories, to "jack" into cyberspace and experience the combined space that constituted the collected sum of the computing space from the whole human system.

It's strange that I wanted this. The characters in _Neuromancer_ are corrupt, venal, unlikable. I suppose Molly Millions and Case are likable, but they are also rather pathetic. Case is a junkie who is forced to give up drugs chemically, and gets his high simply by making "runs," basically hacking jobs, on the net. And Molly is an assassin for hire.

I suppose The Dixie Flatline is the most likable "person" we meet, although he himself is an old hacker whose mind was imprinted into a box. Dixie is actually dead, and what we know of him is just the remnants of his mind that were flash loaded into a ROM. Dixie is helpful and wise, but his one ambition is that at the end of the gig, that someone wipe his memory. He's not alive, but he wants to commit suicide.

I suppose Wintermute is a likable, the deux ex machina, an A.I. that has gotten smarter and at the end is a Vingean Singularity, an intelligence, a consciousness, beyond human understanding. Wintermute becomes a god.

So if it's not the characters, what was it that compelled me about this book? I had always enjoyed science fiction, probably since Star Wars. I also vaguely remember conversations with a roommate, a friend of my dad's, who had science fiction, and who once explained the importance of the difference between "SF" and "Sci Fi." I was 8 or 9 years old and it made an impression.

The question remains, why was I fascinated by _Neuromancer_, and by extension, cyberpunk as a genre? Why did _Blade Runner_ and _Snow Crash_ and _Islands in the Net_ make such an impression on me?

I don't have an easy answer.

One possibility is that it was a reaction to the postnuclear scenarios popular at the time. _Mad Max_ and _The Road Warrior_ were dystopias too, but they were ones where human beings managed to royally screw up the planet with nuclear weapons. It's hard to remember, but I always assumed that before the end of the 20th Century, we'd have a nuclear weapon used in anger. I mean, we took it for granted that we'd get blown up. Or, if not blown up, we'd have to be running around in dune buggies with shotguns struggling for gasoline.

Cyberpunk was a future in which, well, we're _there_, somehow. In 1989 I recorded a William Gibson interview on Fresh Air, and as he says:


"Well that's a very optimistic little piece of trickery on my part because I wanted to be able to write about a future, and I wanted to be able to say 'Well it's there.' So I posited as a piece of background information one very, very brief nuclear exchange that results in the whole world saying 'Oh no we've got to get rid of these things' and then it's, you have a future. But we should be so lucky, probably."


How's that for optimistic? At the time, and heck, even now, this feels plausible. A nuke or dozen get used, people say "This technology sucks! We'd rather use economic/conventional/chemical/biological war. Anything but these stupid Chernobyl radioactive things!" Then, as Gibson says, you have a future.

And I definitely wanted a future. I had no idea what shape it would take, but I wanted one.

Anyway, so that's how I end up with a drawing of a guy with wild hair, a computer input jack on the side of his neck, and a biker jacket.

Possibly this description, also from the Terry Gross interview, influenced me:

*TG:* "Well you're books have added a word to the language in a way you're books have been named `cyberpunk,' what do you think of that new word?"

*WG:* "Well, that's one I could've done without but that's a very mysterious word, we're still trying to find out who introduced it. It definitely wasn't one of the participants in this alleged literary movement, or phenomena or whatever it is. But I suppose in a way, it's reasonably descriptive, although I don't know what people would think of it when they see it, I mean if I didn't know what it was supposed to mean, I would think it would mean some guy in a mohawk, it's like modems and mohawks, or something. A guy with a mohawk and a mac. A mac II, and though, I don't know, that wasn't what I had in mind I just thought, when I started out doing this stuff I thought I was trying to do what I thought of as being a slightly hipper kind of science fiction."


And that's all I have to say about that.

Tom linked to me with the phrase "kick ass." I can do the same thing right back at him. Heh.  "kick ass"Cyberpunk Guy, 1988

This was a study for a possible Christmas card I was going to make. A caricature of our house in Roanoke while it was snowing. Very quick, very rough.

This is the kind of drawing I really enjoy doing.Roanoke House, 1991

Aside:
So I got the gift of a flickr pro account from Steve Agalloco. This post is the first of many where I take advantage of the 2 Giga with a &#8220;G,&#8221; Gigabyte per month upload limit. Profuse thanks Steve, for this wondrous gift!

As my first post using this, here&#8217;s an image that really is not done justice by my self-imposed 400 pixels wide image dimensions limit. If you click over, you can see there&#8217;s a button that says &#8220;all sizes&#8221; so you can see it at much higher resolution.

So in 1988 I was taking a Design class at San Diego Mesa College. I was kind of a lost soul at that point, educationally and professionally. See, I didn&#8217;t apply to any colleges. Not that I could not have been admitted to colleges, just, well, I thought somehow I could put it off. I think I was probably giving the impression of a kid who had some college plans&#8230; like maybe Art Center, maybe Pepperdine, maybe SDSU, maybe UCSD &#8212; but the reality was that I had read about colleges and I just thought&#8230; what&#8217;s the point?

Not that I didn&#8217;t have ambitions, I think I did. I wanted to be an artist or perhaps work in advertising or something. But really, I was aimless and naive about my future. Somehow, eventually, it all worked out more or less. I mean, 19 years on it all seems to have worked out: several moves, an associate degree, some medical licenses, two careers, a dozen jobs, the high of the dot com boom, the internet, a marriage, a divorce, the crash of the dot com boom, a new partner, another move, and kids.

I&#8217;m a much happier and more self-aware person than these previous versions of myself. This is the lesson of my life. Go towards good things, and be fearless in examining yourself, even the distasteful parts.

But I digress.

So this design class was kind of interesting. I was pretty cocky. I had been doing design for what felt like a long time. I had made flyers for friends and family for years. I thought I knew a lot. This quality does not make for a good student. If you think you know more than your teacher, you doom yourself to not really learning very much from your teacher. This is unfortunate. The the instructor being a hyperactive, hippie slash new-agey lady with these big square glasses. Her knowledge of design history and art history was weak. There were a few times I and others would correct her on some issues. In hindsight I think I was kind of a jerk about it.

The through line of this story is &#8220;Joe did not listen, and so Joe did not do well.&#8221; I did mediocre on my projects for this class. I did shoddy work.

It&#8217;s so strange to think now, that this design class was all analog. X-acto knives, T-squares, frisket, pen and pencil and paper. Nary a computer, or even a mention of computers. This was 1988, and the desktop publishing revolution was beginning. I had been exposed to Macintosh computers while working at Citizen&#8217;s Western Bank, but it was really a toy, not used to do serious work. And quality printing from a computer was really an oddity.

One could get a color copy made, but it was expensive. I remember spending $8 for a single color copy of an 8-1/2&#8221; by 11&#8221; sheet of paper, and the quality was not very good.

I digress again.

It&#8217;s no fun to look at the laziness and hubris of my eighteen year-old self. I suppose some of those qualities stay with me. I like to think I have learned about those tendencies and learned to take them head on.

Life&#8217;s a learning process.

I got a C in that design class.

But I think I learned a lot from it. Not about design, but about myself.

Hindsight is great, isn&#8217;t it?

Oh, the drawing? You&#8217;re wondering perhaps about the drawing itself? Well, it&#8217;s a caricature and a portrait. As I look at it, I think, yes, that&#8217;s exactly what the guy looked like. And yet it&#8217;s subtly exaggerated too. I love the little monologue on the side there &#8212; &#8220;but the artist may overcome this.&#8221; And the way I sign it, with my middle name &#8220;Art&#8221; &#8212; I had a giant 18-year-old head of ego in there.

I used to draw a lot in that class. I always had a giant notebook, really a large size sketchbook, that I took notes in. I took great notes, which is odd because I didn&#8217;t care for the class. I was always a good note-taker. But the ego and the sloth really got the best of me.
Portrait, Design Class, 1988Check San Diego Blog for some news about some interesting work I did porting the geodata of the San Diego Bloggers sites into maps powered by Google Maps API and Yahoo!Maps API.




Mapping is fun with Google Maps and Yahoo! Maps APIsLots of activity in the ArtLungosphere these days.

We have the kids for the 4th Weekend and the week of. Their Dad and Stepmom are on a trip for a while, so we gots 'em! Hopefully we'll have some fun 'round here.

Lotta money stresses right now. Not insurmountable, but everything seems to be just a bit too expensive or out of reach or close to the bone.

I need my brakes worked on. They're making a terrible scraping sound right now. Oi. Hurts my ears just to think about the sound.

Work is fine, fine. Thanks.

Gave up on some freelance work. _No time!_ It's a problem. Can't do freelance work without time and energy, extra money frees up time to do outside stuff. Time to short circuit the equation and accept limitations.

Man, San Diego Blog is kicking! Dude. Jeff of the excellent literary and other blog Syntax of Things is posting regularly. It's not what I would have expected, but I like it. I had been so adamant that posts to SDB should be journalistic and cautious and serious. What was I thinking? A personal touch is awesome. I really have no idea what business I have being the owner/editor of a blog all about San Diego since I live here in Simi Valley, but here I am. _Carpetbagger!_ Still, if people dig the result, then what right have I to kibitz with myself about _deserve_. As they say in Clint Eastwood's _Unforgiven_, "Deserve's got nothing to do with it."

Okay, bleak reference, but still. I also am happy with the recent contributions of pseudonymous route66, MAS and Ken W. Go forth wonderful San Diego Blog authors!!!

For a long while I thought anyone could write for SDB, and they sort of can, but it really helps if you *get* "the blog way" -- keep it loose, don't take it serious, and post something worthwhile. A little Tony Pierce, a little Kottke, and a dash of dooce, and a big greasy slab of YOU! Without your own voice, what the heck is the point of blogging?

Man, I'm really braindumping here.

Leah's blogging up a storm, including several very funny and observant entries in the past few weeks. Yes-I'm-biased. She's even sold a book or two. She's even talking about the _next_ book.


Oh, I am killing off San Diego Spots -- well, not killing it, but it will redirect to a page on San Diego Blog. Whatever ambitions I had for the site were not fulfilled, but the cool content here is worth saving. The rest of it must go.

Oh, and I have another site I want to work on. Rhonchi.com. Yeah, it's a strange name. Some of you might know what it means or you could look it up. Watch for an annoucement before the end of time.

Dude, I didn't scan anything yet today. Crud. I was on a roll. I will scan something later on today. Before midnight, I vow to scan something new. Promise. Pretty promise with sugar on top.

Okay, time to start the day! ON-WORD.ArtLungosphere

I know I've been all introspective and it's all about me and all lately, but this is too _cool_ not to share.

Stew (& Heidi, he says "we") wrote a song for the SpongeBob Squarepants TV show!

It's a little thing called "Come Home Gary," here's what the man himself said on the negroproblem mailing list:


yo,
spongebob thing is sposed to happen in november... i think. his snail runs away from home and we wrote a song called "gary come home."
/s


How damn cool is that?

It's DAMN cool.

I know I shouldn't swear in here, but that's exciting stuff. And yes, Leah, I am a fan, and I'm not ashamed of that.Stew Song for SpongeBob Squarepants

I used to go to a lot of art supply stores. You know, to browse.

I would look at the foamcore, and expensive watercolor paper, and acrylics, and fancy pens, and exotic inks, and lust after them. Oh, and the exotic "letraset" sets. Man there were some really cool things that I just /knew/ would help me make the best thing ever.

I definitely made some cool stuff. But items like this, it's like I'm working on the behind-the-scenes work that needed to be done to create a comic, or an animated film or a painting. Why do we need to see the monster and see that he's 18 feet tall compared with the man, who is 6 feet tall.

There's something about my mania for architecting things, rather than really building things. It's a habit I have that I have great and interesting ideas, and sometimes even say things that are visionary, but I never quite do anything with them.

In 2000, I started saying "the web is not a screenshot" which some people on mailing lists thought was insightful. For a long time I intended to write an insightful essay about how the web works, and what makes it great, and that we should not be so fixated on pixel-precision when it comes to the web. I regret never having put these thoughts down, because it was something that needed saying. The needs of the web its users have moved on, but I wish I had contributed that.

That said, I am very proud of my contributions to websandiego.org and to the web standards project. WebSanDiego, after all, still lives. I have built many cool things and I am happy to have worked on them.

I was talking about the piece here. So I /like/ this piece very much. Though I feel it represents the incompleteness problem I have with finishing what I start, I do like it. I like the look of the monster here. He has a quality I like.

But as you've seen in the drawings so far, I have many individual figures, and not so much in the way of complex compositions and interactions between those figures. This is a shortcoming I hope to rectify in the years to come as I develop as an artist and illustrator. I do consider myself to be those things, although I do not claim to be great at either. I do intend, though, to continue along the path of development in these talents. I mean, "art" is my middle name, no? It's also the front half of this domain.

It's 11:30 at night. It's been a long day, I'm tired. Thanks for listening. Have a great weekend and Fourth of July Holiday.Monster & Man Diagram, 1987

I really loved Star Wars as a kid.Chewbacca, 1977

I have always liked symbols, icons, pictographs, signage.

An oddity here, just a bit of watercolor, saying... what? I have no idea my intent here. Was I working on a logo? Was I trying to tap into symbols? I have no idea, but it's a pretty little composition.

Today was pretty good. Got the brakes fixed. Went to Medieval Times. Back home now. Sleepy.

Have a great weekend y'all.Sun. TV. Dots., 1987

It&#8217;s a beautiful morning.

I really like that 7-year old self of mine.

Princess Leia smiles, though I think she only smiles one time in that whole Star Wars movie.

I saw that movie 5 and a half times, by the way. I mean, in the theaters, that Summer.

Kids did indeed keep track of that.

I might update this entry later, or I might not. It&#8217;s time for breakfast.

(Yes, I will)

The one half of Star Wars part was I went one time with my Dad after he got home late from work. I have no idea /why/ we went, but in those days, kiddies, if you went in for part of one show, you could stay for the next. Granted, this was 28 years ago, but I think we went in around the time that the Millennium Falcon was being dragged into the Death Star by tractor beams. We sat and enjoyed the movie. We stayed to the end, and saw it again. My father is very proud of having taken me to see Star Wars at Graumann&#8217;s Chinese Theater in Hollywood on the first day. He had read the buzz, or heard the buzz, and knew it would be cool. I am thankful he did this, as it was perfect for a 7-year old kid with a big imagination. Thanks Dad.

You see, kids, in those days, there was no such thing as a VHS cassette, or a DVD, or buying a movie. You had to go to the theater, or see it on a plane, or see it on one of the three tv networks. And believe me, it was a big deal when a movie you liked showed up on TV. I think I remember thinking it was a big deal when The Rescuers showed up on Wonderful World of Disney some Sunday night.

It&#8217;s a whole different world in terms of media consumption. I guess you knew that already though. I mean, to those of you who read this blog, I&#8217;m like, another media producer. That blows me away, that in some sense I&#8217;m broad-narrowcasting some entertainment out there to people. Am I performing? Am I just keeping a diary? I guess the answer to both those questions is yes, which is a bit crazy. It reminds me of reality TV, which is voyeuristic for the watcher and exhibitionistic for the participants. Some of you may remember that I auditioned for one of them a year ago. I have no doubt that there&#8217;s exhibitionism in me. It&#8217;s not one of my better qualities.

So this morning was great so far. It feels very much like a vacation. Hey! It is!

A lovely lazy languid morning. Tony helped with breakfast.  I started this post. Then we all enjoyed a good breakfast. Tyler mowed the lawn. Put a pot roast in the Crock Pot for later. Then everyone got their showers and dressed for the day. Leah wore curlers this morning and looks amazing. She&#8217;s so beautiful.

The unexpected thing I did today was hand the laptop to Ali and said &#8220;Hand this to your older brother, Alex&#8221;

What was I handing her to give to Dev? Why, it was a web browser opened to Why&#8217;s (Poignant) Guide to Ruby, which is a wonderful book about programming, of all things. Ruby is a computer language, and a peculiar and interesting one at that. And that book, free online, is funny and witty and instructive. Dev was riveted, and was giggling at it immediately &#8212; quoting passages to me and Leah as he would find funny bits. Like this one


An array is a list surrounded by square brackets and separated by commas.

[1, 2, 3] is an array of numbers.

[&#8216;coat&#8217;, &#8216;mittens&#8217;, &#8216;snowboard&#8217;] is an array of strings.

Think of it as a caterpillar that has been stapled into your code. The two square brackets are staples which keep the caterpillar from moving, so you can keep track of that end is the head and which is the tail. The commas are the caterpillars legs, wiggling between each section of its body.

Once there was a caterpillar who had commas for legs. Which meant he had to allow a literary pause after each step. The other caterpillars really respected him for it and he came to have quite a commanding presence. Oh, and talk about a philanthropist! He was notorious for giving fresh leaves to those less-fortunate.

Yes, an array is a collection of things, but it also keeps those things in a specific order.


Those are some seriously silly words there. I dug it. And Devon dug it too. It&#8217;s moments like this I really treasure, to share the little bits of ephemera in my brain.

Sometimes one is just right on, and a link pops out to me to share. Sharing something that I enjoyed with someone else.

A few hours ago we went up to the EATM at Moorpark College. It&#8217;s small, but it was a lovely time. I thought of two people, Meg, and my cousin Jessica, who aspires to a career veterinary care. They have these beautiful mountain lions there. Even in cages, they are majestic animals.

The boys loved the monkeys, with their expressive eyes, inquisitive nature, and colorful butts.

Later, I finished this post.

Meta

I changed the tagline on the site. I&#8217;m making my goal one scan a day. I did some scans this morning so I can post at least one a day. So, you loyal visitors have that look forward to.

Okay, have a great Holiday!
Princess Leia, 1977

I like the texture on Luke's cloak here, though the two misspellings: "Luke Skywaker" and "Star Warss" dismay.Luke Skywalker, 1977

I'm almost done posting these Star Wars drawings from my 7-year old self.

If you're getting sick of them, take heart, I'm running out.

Han shot first, you know. He's trigger-happy in this image.Han Solo, 1977

Basilone, aka "Mr. Bas," drowsy and handsome.Bas! From March

Have a good fourth? We did. We went to the Reagan Presidential Library for about a nanosecond, but that was petering out. So what we did was go to the Simi Valley High School event. We hung out and brought a picnic lunch and it was a good, mellow, fireworks-filled event.

Have a great day!

About The Drawing: I notice that I used different treatment in the various Star Wars characters drawings. I wonder if I was copying something, or if I made that up to suit each character. If I made it up I'm a little impressed that I took the time to get the characters typography to be distinctive.C-3PO, 1977

This is a drawing from my days as a Respiratory Therapist.

What are these objects?

Oxygen Key

The first one, the one you probably have never seen before, is an O2 key. Hospitals with organized systems for the distribution and maintenance of portable cylinders. Typically these are E cylinders and are brought along during patient transport. To open these things properly, you need a key, to crack the cylinder to get any dust and grime out, and then later, to open when you have a regulator to put on the top. A regulator measures what the pressure inside the cylinder is. Usually there&#8217;s a flowmeter built into the regulator as well.

O2 keys are usually chained to regulators. Usually. When they are not, and your friendly local Respiratory Therapist needs to open an O2 Tank, well, this gets him or her perturbed. Having a spare in your lab coat is a score for the home team. It gives you that air of the boy scout. You&#8217;re prepared, ready for action. Oxygen is my business, and business is good!

Guard that O2 key with your life. You may be asked to lend that sucker out to someone else. Don&#8217;t take that bait man. Nurses will just lose them. Transport personnel? Who knows where it&#8217;ll end up if they take it. Guard that key, because it&#8217;s very necessary to have that key for emergencies.

Scissors

Prosaic, yet essential, the next item is a pair of scissors. Standard stainless-steel hospital scissors. Keep &#8216;em clean. These are good for cutting tubing, such as that used for mechanical ventilators, or maybe a pressure line. Also good for cutting hospital tape to prepare hospital tape to secure an endotracheal tube.

Screwdriver

The last item in this drawing is a small, flat-head screwdriver. This is rarely used, but can come in handy when servicing and cleaning various pieces of very durable medical equipment. And the dude with a screwdriver is appreciated when that screwdriver is necessary.

There are lots of other items in the arsenal of an RT, but I don&#8217;t have drawings of those for today. But remind me to tell you the story of suctioning out some teeth from a guy&#8217;s lungs. (Teeth do not belong in the lungs, by the way, in case you were confused).
Respiratory Tools, 1993

I forget when this photo was taken, but it makes me smile.

In case you can't read it, it says:


WELCOME TO
WENDY'S
THIS SCREEN IS
DESIGNED TO
IMPROVE ORDER
ACCURACY AND
SERVICE TO OUR
CUSTOMERS!
Wendy's Screen

I mentioned before always seeming to draw the same hair on these women / girls. Here's a morose-looking woman. She sure is androgynous. Much more androgynous than I remember. At the time I was inspired by the work of Patrick Nagel. His work involved beautiful women, rendered in a graphically austere way. I _think_ I aspired to doing work like this. Though looking at his work now, the feeling I get to the work is detachment, ennui, and coldness. I suppose those were points in their favor to my teen self. These days I prefer a bit more _joie de vivre_ in the art I like. Well, at least the art depicting beautiful women.

About the drawing: people would often ask me, then, "who is this" -- the answer then, as now, is "it's not any one."

There's an impression people have that drawings must be of someone in particular, that they must have a subject that they can link to to in the real world. In truth, the muse was inside my head, and the drawings were not based on anyone.

I believe I was taking a drawing class at the time of this paricular drawing, but it concerned itself with still-lives: fruit and baskets and vases. I have never taken a figure drawing class, and I suppose the na&iuml;vt&eacute; about the human body shows that.

I don't have a burning desire to take a proper figure drawing class, but I suppose it's something I want to do more of. I think the beauty of that is that is that all I really need to do to _do_ that is get a pencil and a pad and just go out and start drawing.

Last year, or perhaps the year before, I picked up a nude drawing reference at Comic Con. Con is coming up, by the way. I may go, but just for Saturday. I have other priorities these days. If there were a way to do it for all four days and not have it impact work, I would do so. However, I want to save my vacation days for some San Diego time in August, when my family will be in town. I also want to save some for the Holidays as well.

I did some scanning of some objects into my flickr account yesterday. These are objects about which I want to write more.

Time to start the day. Be well.Fiery..., 1988

O, callow youth!

So here I am at my Prom, with my date, a friend of mine I&#8217;ll call &#8220;G.&#8221;

In truth, we were just friends, G and I. We spent time together, but her sights were on older, more experienced men. I was such a kid in many ways. At my Prom I was only 17 years old. She was a year older, worldly. She did not go to my high school. I met her while working at the Bank.

I had a terminal crush on her. I had no earthly idea what it meant, or what I wanted, but I wanted nothing more than to be around her and touching her and doing things for her. I was like a puppy dog. I remember taking her to a bar for a bikini contest once. I didn&#8217;t care for it, but I would dutifully go with her wherever she wanted me to take her. She did not drive, at least that I can remember.

She cared about me, I think, and liked the attention I gave to her. We would go to the movies or to the beach and hang out and go to Denny&#8217;s. I took her to my Homecoming Dance in my sophomore year in high school. I had managed to bring along. It was held on a boat - I think it was a San Diego Harbor Cruise thing. We went to Wendy&#8217;s before and she wore this beige sweater dress that clung to her in the sexiest way. It was a chilly fall night and we sat in the back of the boat pretty much the whole night. She sat in my lap. It felt great to cuddle with her all night. I also got mad accolades from my friends for having a beautiful blonde sitting and giggling in my lap for the whole night.

I remember one time I was picking her up at her house, to go to a movie or some thing, and she had just gotten out of the shower. She was in a terry robe, hair wet, and had me come wait for her in her room. I have the most vivid 16-year old memory of her changing right in front of me, like, down to nothing. Naked, right in front of me. It was exciting to be around her. There she is, nude, slipping on her underwear, jeans and a shirt. I was frozen, was she coming on to me? What do I do? The theme of my teen years seems to be ignorance and na&iuml;vet&eacute;, and that moment was no different. I did nothing except watch. I suppose the reason she was so comfortable with me was that I was so harmless. She knew she could be herself. I think it must&#8217;ve been like I was a girlfriend to her. We hung out, talked, but not more. We were friends and no more.

G was fun, but there was also a sadness to her as well.

G was proud of her body and hoped to be a model and an actress and a singer. As much time as I spent with her, I don&#8217;t really have a good idea of why she was sad. I know her father had died when she was young. And I know that while she was always being told how beautiful she was by people, she also had many objections to how her body looked.

Several years later she let me know that had had a breast augmentation done. She also had a perfect Cindy Crawford/Marilyn Monroe mole removed from her face. The mole was really cute and added to her beauty, in my opinion. And more importantly, it was her. She was born with this lovely quirk, but she had it removed. Eventually she started doing  modeling, exotic dancing, bachelor parties and the like. We drifted apart, I moved away. I would catch up with her when I came back to San Diego's in the summertime, but we were living very different lives. Me, I made my own mistakes and had more adventures.

&#8230;

The paradox of a beautiful woman thinking she needs to be &#8220;improved&#8221; still glares out at me. Why would she do that to herself? I don&#8217;t know. I can guess it&#8217;s something about the tendency we all share, to not love ourselves all that much. To think that if only we could do that one thing, or be better, our friends, our family, other people will like us more. That we&#8217;ll fit in. That we&#8217;ll be normal.

Well&#8212;screw normal. I want to be myself. My unsolicited advice to you: &#8220;Be yourself&#8221;.

I may not have a perfect body, but it&#8217;s mine, and I want to take good care of it regardless of the judgements of the rest of the world.
Prom Photo, 1987

"May The Force Be With You"

And I love my stylized signature. My seven-year-old self seems to have been going for a futuristic rounded rectangle look.

I have always loved letters, lettering, and typography.R2-D2, 1977This morning I'm riveted to the news of the London Bombings via web radio. Readers who do not wish to be exposed to my political opinions but instead would prefer some more fun scans of Star Wars Characters should skip this entry. Expect a new scan before the end of the day.

The Wikipedia entry: 7 July 2005: London bombings is excellent and thorough. After reading through this (took about 4 minutes), much of what the radio says is redundant, and the new bits and pieces stand out. It's astonishing how fast flickr images, news, and blog postings have spread news of this. kottke.org as usual has an excellent array of links.

The irony is that reading about this is in a sense precisely what those claiming responsibility want. Or wait, is what they want actually knowledge about the attacks, or terror and fear. From the Wikipedia article, there's a quote of a claim of responsibility.


The heroic mujahideen have carried out a blessed raid in London. Britain is now burning with *fear, terror and panic* [emphasis added] in its northern, southern, eastern, and western quarters.


Extremist Islam that inflicts itself on other people is a force that must be dealt with, in some cases with eye-for-an-eye style justice. That means killing and carnage.

It's a pity that the American government chose to divert attention away from Extremist Islam, who also were responsible for the attacks of September 11th in New York.

Instead we have made the focus Iraq. This appears to have been a terrible mistake. I am happy for the newfound freedom of Iraq, but the cost, of thousands of lives of Americans, of tens of thousands of Iraqis,  this cost is troubling. I wish the Bush administration had been more honest and forthright about all of this. I do not have the confidence in my government that I think I should have.

My deepest condolences and best wishes to all in London.London Bombings

J/G was a pretty great place to work. We made websites and digital stuff at a time when it was still pretty fresh and new.

We played Tekken on a big machine Namco had given us. We played for free and enjoyed it.

"Take that you Tiger-headed Freak!" I once exclaimed during a bout with my pal Joe T while he was playing whatever character it is that is the Tiger-Headed Freak. It's King.

We built some cool stuff, they got bought by Keane, and they faded away.

Jamison/Gold

I kind of like this photo of me. I'm working away on my iBook.

We lived in the Woodland Hills apartment for just a few months. It was a good time.Me in Woodland Hills

In 1995 I was living in Los Angeles. I had moved back to California after having gone to school and worked as a Respiratory Therapist for a while. I was back to figure out how to get into the movie business somehow. I took classes at UCLA Extension and was not sure what to do, exactly, but I was doing it. It was on this path that I would eventually find the web, web programming, and graphic design.

I always enjoyed Comic-Con. I remember when it was held down on the Civic Center, before there was even a trolley. I remember being driven there by my Mom and picked up at the end of the day. I always enjoyed it.

There was one year, though, that I really didn't enjoy Con. I went, but it fell flat.

This was before cell phones were common, but I had the habit of calling my home phone to check my messages. There was a digital woman's voice who would say, haltingly, "YOU HAVE *TWO* MESSAGES" then I could give touch-tone instructions to the phone to play, rewind, replay messages.

I was compulsive about checking my messages. I was working per diem as an RT, and would sometimes get offered extra shifts to work, or get cancelled if they didn't need me to work. Once I was in that habit, I used it all the time.

I left for Comic Con on a Saturday morning, driving the hundred plus miles from my studio apartment to San Diego. I checked into Con, I think I had bought a pass so it went by swiftly.

But after getting set up at Con, I checked my messages.

I can't remember if it was 12 or 15 messages on my machine, but it was more messages than I had ever had on the machine, and higher a number than I thought the machine could say. The readout on the physical machine was 2 digits, so I suppose there were digital recordings from none to 99 messages in there.

I could not for the life of me imagine why I could possibly have that many messages.

The messages were from my Mom, my cousin Leeman, and I think my Grandmother (on my Dad's side). I can't remember who all called. My memory is fuzzy, unreliable, and full to bursting with emotion. It's like a haze of bad memory. They all said there was bad news. It had to do with my cousin Eddie. I don't think they came right out and said what had happened, but it was very bad. I could tell that much, and he was dead. Whether they said, implied it, or I inferred it I do not remember.

I got ahold of someone on the phone, maybe I got Leeman on the phone? I know I talked with my Mother. She was devastated and crying. I could not fathom what I was learning. My cousin, just a few months younger than me, had killed himself by hanging himself in the shower. He had kids. He was married. And now he was dead. I remember thinking immediately that we should be talking about him in the past tense. But when someone dies they still are there in the present tense. "He is married." It's funny what you remember when BIG STUFF happens to you in your life. It's never what you expect.

I was angry and shocked and pretty much dumbfounded about the whole thing. Why would he do it?

Well, the easy answer was that Ed had problems. He didn't finish high school. He couldn't hold onto a job. He had gotten involved with drugs and was getting into trouble.

The last time I vividly remember Eddie he had been working at a convenience store, and I think he had gotten fired or they hired him back or something. He had a bag full of car stereos he wanted to know if we wanted to buy. We? I think Bronson and I were offered that deal. We declined I think. I think we tried to give him advice, but we really didn't think much of it. Eddie was always into shenanigans of some sort. Ed was a survivor, a scrapper. Always in trouble, but always managed to get through it.

I have photos of Ed and his smile glows at me. Big giant grin, like everything is so funny, everything is so wonderful. He used to tease me a little bit. With him, and with Shannon, the 1970 babies in my Mom's Mom's house, we used to get fed at the same time, and grew up together. Eddie was the clown, always happy and entertaining. We had much fun. I miss the boy. I miss the man. I wish he had not done what he did.

I decided then that I thought that suicide was not the way out. All the romanticization of suicide is so much bullshit. I decided I liked Joy Division a lot less. I had always found Ian Curtis, their lead singer, a romantic figure. Actually _facing_ the suicide of someone I knew though, that was something else. It was just sad. And not sad in a Morrissey-song kind of way, or in a Walt Whitman kind of way, but in an eternal way.

As my marriage fell apart, I had many thoughts of suicide. It seemed like the way to end pain. the equation was: I hurt, and I will stop hurting if I do this. I don't think I was very close to it, but the thought would cross my mind and linger there. That's usually when I would try and _do_ something. I saw a counselor, I go for a walk, I go for a drive, I read a book, I sleep. Self-destruction is not productive. That's a nice tautology there, eh? _Self-destruction is not productive._

So when Comic-Con comes around, though I have been a dozen or more times, I always think of Eddie. Comic-Con is coming next week to San Diego. I will miss it this year, but I vow to go the year after. This year I'm really focusing on making sure this home is a good one, and I'm taking care of me.

I left Con immediately after I found out about Eddie. I went to the my Grandma's house and the family was collecting there, we prayed and cried and it sucked but it was the process. That house was in mourning, as we all were.

I miss Eddie.
Eddie & Comic-Con

I really like this one. It's done in a few strokes of ink, which I was experimenting with in my teens. The color was added first with marker, then when I was disatisfied with the richness and vibrancy of the color, I added a layer of pointilistic pastel marks.

It's interesting what 20 years (well, 19) will do to an image. The paper has begun to discolor and it shows its' age, albeit in a subtle way.

I suppose people do that too, they age and discolor with time.

This morning Leah and the three younger kids are playing the board game Sorry. I put on an iTunes smart playlist of "Fiona Apple" and Frou Frou." Right now what's playing is _Shadowboxer_.

The theme of aging and maybe the subliminal thought of "boxer" made me think of a quote from _Pulp Fiction_. Something said by Marcellus Wallace as he's telling Butch to throw a fight:


I think you are gonna find, when this sh*t is over... I think you're gonna find yourself one smilin' mother****er. The thing is Butch, right now, you've got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. And your days are just about over. Now that's a hard mother****in' fact of life. But it's a fact of life your ass is gonna hafta get realistic about. See this business is filled to the brim with unrealistic mother****ers. Mother****ers who thought their ass would age like fine wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Besides Butch, how many fights you think you got left in you anyway? Two? Boxers don't have an "old timer's day." You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it before now.


Even though I am aging, I definitely have more fights in me.

Later in the movie, Butch says to himself:

That's how you're gonna beat 'em, Butch. They keep underestimating you.


Amen.

Rose, 1986http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/23841290/

Workaholic, thy name was Crawford.

Still, I did get this out of the period where I always seemed to be at work, and on the webcam.Me at work, 2001Here's something:


Company Introduction:

*** [redacted to protect the guity]  is a fast-growing, dynamic company which views IT as a core competitive advantage. The Company is a ***.

Job Description:

*** is looking for a Web Developer with minimum 3 yrs. in web based applications development and support utilizing many of the key skills and concepts, like: VB.Net, C#, ASP/.Net, JavaScript, HTML/DHTML/CSS, SQL Server/DTS, IIS .Net web services (VisualStudio/VB.Net), XML.

Job Requirements:

Microsoft web development skills including .net, VB, C#, web services, Win2000 server.
Software engineering skills (process oriented for analysis, design, development, unit test, system test). Able to work with minimal paper documentation/design specs.

Company Benefits:

Medical
Dental
401(k)

Contact Information:

Email resumes to:****@***.com


Translation for the bold bit, above? We don't know what we want, but we want it done with a great processes!IT Job Post of the Day

Was our choice of movie the Universe's way of providing some foreshadowing?

The red stuff is the fancy coloured glue from a scrapbook.Leah's and My First Movie Date, October 2002

This is a hard drawing to look at for me. It bespeaks pain. The man is on fire, or covered in smoke. It could be interpreted as anti-smoking, perhaps, as many in my family smoked and paid dear prices for it.

The style is so fast, so confident, but not so much deliberate. It's part of a style of mine to just keep making strokes and gradually an image appears. The idea was to draw fast and deliberately, to feel the emotion, and put it down. Often this resulted in horrible messes, and I threw lots of scribbles away. But occasionally it resulted in work of which I'm proud.

I can feel a kinship with the 19-year old self who drew this, perhaps I'd give the kid a hug. But I don't think I savor feeling so _burned_ as I once did. Moroseness and nihilism might be, at times, entertaining, but they are not really great ways to live life.

Leah commented about Dog Nowhere that it seemed to be about an emotion, rather than an image of a dog. I think that's an interesting insight. Smoldering Man is much more explicit I think in being an image that tries to instantiate an emotion.Smoldering Man, 1989

I like this one. Most of the work I've ever done with a science fiction feel was in a cyberpunk vein, but one of my favorite books was Difference Engine, (mentioned before in my book post)and the idea of alternate history is very compelling to me.

I think what I was thinking of with this piece, with  a British helmet, and a gas mask, was the Alan Moore comic book V for Vendetta, a wonderfully British (with a capital "B") rendering of a futuristic dystopia.

Here's a synopsis of V for Vendetta from Wikipedia.

The series is set in a future Britain where, in the chaos following a limited nuclear war that left the country mostly physically intact, a fascist one-party state has arisen. It resembles the Nazi regime  including government-controlled media, secret police, and concentration camps for racial and sexual minorities  but with a British cultural flavour, and a greater reliance on technology, especially closed-circuit television monitoring in the mode of George Orwell's 1984. (CCTV had not yet become common in England at the time Moore wrote the series.) When the series begins, political conflict has ended, the death camps have finished their work and been closed, and the public is largely complacent, until "V"  a terrorist and self-proclaimed anarchist, who wears a Guy Fawkes mask and has an improbable array of abilities and resources  begins an elaborate, violent, and theatrical campaign to bring down the government.


Even the premise is wonderful. It's still in print, and you can usually find it out at the larger chain bookstores, or even via Amazon.

Anyway, back to the drawing: It's minimal and was done fast, on notebook paper. I think this is a "classroom drawing." For posting I've removed the blue lines underneath the drawing itself. I am not doing raw scans for most of these things, I'm doing cleanup.

What I might do with the drawings down the line I have no idea. I have thought about doing an online comic or comic strip, and I've considered what kind of licenses might allow others to use these drawings as raw material, but for now just scanning the things is very enjoyable to me. It allows me to revisit my artistic past, and explore the possibilities of my artistic future, as well.Steampunk Anglo Warrior, 1990Happy Easter, 1992

I dig that the earpiece and microphone don't look archaic. That looks like it could be a bluetooth headset for a cellphone!

I love her wild hair, I like the androgeny, I like the furry jacket (inspired by Vadim's _Barbarella_?), I dig the minimalist goggles.

I was probably inspired by Jean "Moebius" Giraud, a french comics creator who has been doing visually stunning (albeit incoherent story-wise) comics work for a long time. (wikipedia as well.

This would look good with a light watercolor wash.Space Woman with Goggles, 1987

In 1992 I was working in Charlottesville, and would come home to my folk's house in Roanoke. My Dad had bought a Mac IIci, and I would fool around with it interminably. It was a handy machine, for its time.

I think at the time this was a large image at 532 x 388 pixels.Experiment, 1992

_I will write more about these drawings. But not right now._PMR Bag and Resuscitation Bag, 1992An awesome, very personal, raw, and real post from Tony Pierce.

(Warning: strong language)

Personal and truthful, even though "nothing (there) is true."Tony P., Giving up PotSo I'm working on some client work on my iBook with Firefox. I need to use bluehornet, a system to manage newsletters.


It appears that you are using Netscape or an old version of Internet Explorer. The system is optimized for use with Internet Explorer 6.0 and higher. If you know that you are using Internet Explorer 6.0 or higher, click here to enable the login button.

This system is not MAC compatible.


MSIE 6 came out in October 2001. Do they mean to say that since that time they have not upgraded their system to support _any_ other browsers?

In addition to being proud of the fact that they're optimized for an old browser, and that they don't support the coolest operating system going, they also refer to a Mac as "MAC." Please. It's either "Mac" or "Macintosh." When you capitalize it, it stands for "Media Access Control." People know this. (see Wikipedia entry.

I can log in, but then I can't _do_ anything useful.

It's 2005 Bluehornet, time to join the 21st Century.

Bluehornet have proven to me that they are incompetent boobs, and I will not steer anyone toward them.

Ever.Bluehornet SucksRhonchi.com is still not ready under the hood, but it's less primitive than it was before.

Do you have a job posting for a Respiratory Therapist? You'll be able to post it there. Just contact me.Rhonchi.com almost ready to be pushed out of the nestIf you're interested in seeing the drawings and art pieces I've been scanning lately, with the goal of one a day, you can see them on the drawings page (well, 3 pages, it's paginated!).

If you want my some introspection, you can read that on the memories page.

I have a love/hate relationship with categories. You see, I have 4 years worth of posts. Thousands of them. Am I really going to go back and categorize them? And what are good categories anyway? It's a little frustrating.

But categories help me locate posts better, and I definitely appreciate that. Going forward I'm using them, fo' sho'.

I recently read the article Don't Bore Me With Your Blog, by Susan Solomon. She claims blogs should not contain musings or personal thoughts or the like. She says:

What's wrong with most blogs? They're too chatty, like my first paragraph. You probably didn't need to hear about my teen, but I thought it was clever. So I bulked up my writing with inconsequential meanderings. That's bad blog form.

If you're going to blog, become an expert on something. This is especially important for blogging in the business world.


I'm confused. She points out "blogging in the business world" as a distinct thing, and yet she objects to chattiness across the board for any blog?

Well, I'm being chatty, and I'm blogging. I'm all for it. Some of my favorite bloggers are chatty.

Did I mention: "be yourself" the other day?

Be yourself.Recapping

On my lunch hour I just uploaded all my old Amiga pictures to my flickr account. See the set here.

I think there was a contest that year to design a badge for San Diego Comic Con. This was the start of something like that. DeluxePaint II (aka DPaint) was a darn good program.

I'm not going to Con this year unless something radical happens to change my mind or fatten my pocketbook.Comic Con, 1988Shadowy Bearded Man, 1988

After High School and before moving to Virginia, there were a few times I went and visited my friend Chris at Cal State Fullerton. This drawing was done from memory of whizzing by it on the 15 Freeway on the way to Fullerton. Why I took the 15 I don't remember, I don't _think_ of it as that much faster than the 5, but I'm sure I had my reasons.

There's something about discrete objects, and drawing them, that I enjoy. Not people, or living things, but objects.

I did take a drafting class in 1988, but it was rudimentary, and all pencil! Drawing objects that I saw was a good habit for my powers of observation. I mean, I say that, but I'm not 100% sure that I really _have_ keen powers of observation. I think I try and pay attention, but there are definitely times I miss out on things because I'm distracted or tired or otherwise engaged.Carpool Lane Gate Barrier, 15 Freeway, 1988

I was fascinated by Japan as a teenager. Everyone seemed to think they'd buy everything up and kick everyone's ass. So I played around with learning the Katakana and Hiragana script. I've forgotten it all, but this looks like it could be a sign on the Ginza to me. The type is not a font, but drawing with the native DPaint II tools. Very nice tools to draw to a grid. I like it better than the way PhotoShop does grids, though PShop does have guides, which I would have loved on the Amiga.

The colors are even Japanese - garish, but pretty.

I still love Japanese things, though I'm a bit more moderate about it.

Also, my Amiga Pictures 1986-1991 got linked to by Matt Haughey, so now some people are looking at my stuff and bookmarking it in del.icio.us.

That's kinda cool.

I wanted to, as a batch, change the Creative Commons licenses for the set. Is that possible? I didn't see it in Organizr.
My Name in Japanese, 1987Tagging photos is tricky. For this years con, which is starting and is much photographed already, you can get to the photos with these tags:

comiccon comicon sdcc comiccon2005 sdcc2005.

Metadata from the swarm!

There are probably other tags too.San Diego Comic Con Photos (on Flickr)Helluva weekend. Busy. No blogging.

Been a while since I was away so long.

More blogging before noon Monday. Promise.

See ya then. Good night.Nitey Nite.Actually, not feeling so hot this morning.

Taking the day off blogging and everything. Actually.

This morning I'm not in the mood for a post.

Please, enjoy this photo of the computers I work at until I'm back this afternoon.

And there's some great links at robotwisdom lately. Go over there for now. Or J-Walk. They give good link.Mood.

I look like a goofball in this picture. Nonetheless, a grand time was had by all at San Diego's famous Turf Supper Club last Friday on our little trip to San Diego.

It only took us a few hours to get there from our Simi Valley home.

We took the new van, which runs good. Leah drove, whilst I worked on building a function to convert latitude and longitude in degrees and minutes to a decimal value. The PHP code I hacked together was this:


function convertEnglishDegrees($minutes_seconds)
{
$out = "";
if (trim($minutes_seconds)!='')
{
	$out = trim($minutes_seconds);
	$out = strtolower($minutes_seconds);
	$out = str_replace('deg','',$out);
	$out = str_replace('degrees','',$out);

	$allowedcharacters = '0123456789.- ';

	if(stristr($out,'s'))
		$sign = "-";
	else if(stristr($out,'w'))
		$sign = "-";
	else
		$sign = "";

	$temp = "";

	for($i=0;$i&lt;strlen($out);$i++)
	{
		$char = substr($out,$i,1);
			if(stristr($allowedcharacters,$char))
				$temp .= $char;
	}

	$out = trim($sign . $temp);
	$temp = "";
	$parts = explode(' ',$out);

	$e = 0;
	foreach($parts as $p)
	{
		if($e==0)
			$temp .= $p;
		else
			$temp .= $p + ($p/60);
	}
	$out = str_replace(' ','.',$out);

}
return $out;
}


Not pretty, but it worked well enough on the sample lats and lons I had. This was all so I could get some more data points to work on the 3ones map. Why not just require decimal formats of people? It's in the spirit of "Postel's Law" aka the "Robustness Principle: _"be conservative in what you do, be liberal in what you accept from others"_

Anyway, we met M & M at the Club, grilled our own steaks (Matt is a master griller and helped perfect Leah's steak). We stayed at their place that night and slept there.

Morning brought a great breakfast in La Mesa whose name escapes me now. There's even an inexplicable short film to show for it. Great chorizo.

Aside: Why can't I get Soyrizo in Simi Valley?

After we said our farewell to M&M, we went to see my Grandmother, who was in the hospital all last week with various health problems and we were quite worried about. It's a mixed bag, being close but not too close to my San Diego family. It feels like we can just pop down there anytime, in reality it takes some planning. Were we in San Diego we'd simply drop on in. As it was we had to wait till Saturday. We hope my grandmother continues to recover, she's getting excellent care from the family, and has some surgeries scheduled in the upcoming weeks. I don't often reference prayer here, what with me being primarily skeptical and secular, but I'd appreciate any prayers you have on offer for the sick.

After visiting my Grandma, Leah dropped me off at ye olde San Diego Comic Con. Unlike last year, I did not take photos. But I did get in free (yay!). I served as the attendant (read: wheelchair driver) for my pal E.

I was not sure it was possible, but we were able to cover the whole Con floor, which is significantly huge. I''ve been attending cons since I was a teenager, and it is bigger every year.

My usual Con _modus operendi_ is to cover the booths at the con with my own methodology. If you'd like to carry out my method, here are the instructions:


*Materials*
1 notebook
1 pen or other writing instrument

*Method*
Start at the westernmost part of the convention center, and go up and down each aisle of the con. *While doing this* keep your notebook at the ready to mark the "address" of booths which look promising, you can also include a brief note about why it's promising, like "50% off graphic novels" or "good antique action figures" or "cool t-shirts" There are numerical addresses above each aisle (seen here). This year they were numbered from 100 to 5300. That's 53 aisles of densely packed comics, movie, gaming, art, movie and other fandom stuff. If you have limited time, taking stock before diving in is a good idea.

Then after running all the different booths and making your marks, you can then go to presentations as much as you want, then between the times there are good presentations being shown, sneak back down to all the addresses you made a note of.

It's that simple!


It was a great time for me, though I was a bit tired at the end of Con. I only made two purchases, but I made notes and grabbed schwag from the places that interested me for future online research.

Continues in The Weekend, You Say, Part II.Oh, the weekend you say?

Andy Warhol has been on my mind recently. I have an ink drawing from years ago that's in the on-deck circle for posting here. When I was in High School, I thought Andy was a genius. His famous-forever statement that "everyone would be famous for 15 minutes" was inspirational, and his knack for plugging into the zeitgeist with his art was great as well. Pop art inspired me in a way that abstract expressionism didn't. It was tacky and silly and could be very witty. It was "the in-crowd" I was concerned.

Since I was an ironical young man, it fired my sarcasm and irony neurons very well.

This piece, from 2000, was all digital. A collage featuring various objects I found from around the net. It was hand-made, which is to say it was made in Photoshop using those elements. I surely used an image search to find the pieces.

Thing is, it's rather dull. A piece like this can be found instantly on WebCollage, which crawls the net and semi-randomly creates a collage using the pieces found. It works like this:


This is what the Internet looks like.

WebCollage is a program that creates collages out of random images found on the Web. More images are being added to the collage about once a minute, so this page will reload itself periodically. Clicking on one of the images in the collage will take you to the page on which it was found.

It finds the images by feeding random words into various search engines, and pulling images (or sections of images) out of the pages returned.


This kind of instantaneous art is beguiling. I think it makes a piece like mine, which seems to have, sort of has, a point of view, and says _something_ about consumerism, obsolete. I still like my piece, but the randomness of WebCollage has much more staying power precisely because it's always changing, as the web is, all the time.

Untitled, 2000 and WebCollageWell, today my telecommuting was utterly disrupted by a big ol' blackout!

Suddenly, wham! no power.

This bummed me out. Called Southern California Edison. Reported it. Reset the breakers, nothing. Met another of my neighbors, who was trying to get word via the radio in his car.

Weather is cloudy, and it's warm. about 90, and humid.

So I call my supervisor, let him know, he says I can come to his place (which is close). He's in Thousand Oaks and unaffected by the outage.

Then, power comes back up. I don't have to go! I start up my computers. Thank goodness. Just finish Scandisk on the PC, and wham, out again. Okay, so I have to go.

I disable the automatic garage door opener, start the truck, back up out onto the driveway, get out and close the garage door manually, and I'm on my way.

I open the iBook and turn on MacStumbler on the way there, only find 2 WAPs on on the way over there. This is a pretty good indicator that there's no power in the neighborhood (Wood Ranch), that the wireless access points are not on the air.

A use for wardriving in a power outage! Is there power? Are wireless access points chirping? Not a perfect correlation, but not a bad one either.

I call SCE again and now they *are* reporting an outage for Simi Valley. Good to know.

I arrive at his place and get set up there. His WAP has WEP and won't play nice. We get the key working, then wham, it decides to stop giving me a DHCP lease. Wha? The whole week seems to be technical glitches.

My stomach on Monday, Tuesday Leah called me from work where their fileserver was dead and I was looking up places that might sell a replacement. This morning my cell phone didn't seem to want to ring. Oi. Then the power today, and WEP nonsense this afternoon.

The workday was shot after 3pm.

I went home, got some groceries, and as I entered the neighborhood I turned on MacStumbler again. LOTS of WAPs in the neighborhood. Yay! The power is back on.

I detruck (like... deplane!), get the groceries out, and come on in. I reenable the garage door to automatic, and check my email. now I gotta put the groceries away, but first I wanted to tell the internet what a wonderful power outage we had here in Simi Valley today.

Now, groceries need to be put away. Leah's on her way home.

What a day.Fun in the Simi Valley Blackout

I mentioned before my appreciation of things Japanese. I think of the character in _Breaking Away_ who is obsessed with the Italians and even speaks in Italian. I was not that bad, but I did put a an imperial flag on my wall in High School. It was a bit more than being just a Francophile. I was trying to learn as much as I could. I accidentally ended up reading a lot about Japanese business processes. I learned what a _zaibatsu_ was and what a salaryman was. And ninjas. You can't go wrong with ninjas.

A bit sleepy this morning. Time to start the day!Measure Twice, Cut Once, 1997


That's 15 years old! Wow.

When I drew this I was deliberately trying to draw something in a Hello Kitty way. It's not till a few years ago I heard the term super deformed, so I termed it "Japanese Cute Style."

Superdeformed is (from wikipedia):

In anime and manga, characters which are drawn in a highly exaggerated manner are said to be super deformed (SD) or chibi. Super deformed characters are typically small and chubby with deformed limbs and oversized heads, and may be used to express intense emotion, especially in the cases of anger or surprise. They are meant to be cute and are often used in humorous diversions from the storyline.


I like the details. If you click through to the flickr page you can see some annotations of what the various parts of the drawing are.

You'll note I'm sporting a cheesy mustache here. This is the same mustache as the one in the photo on this namebadge.

I love my shoes there. And I love that I pictured myself wearing a They Might Be Giants T-Shirt. It's the original "Hayseeds" TMBG shirt. You can still buy that one.

Ah, callow youth.Joe Japanese Cute Style, 1990I have some words that I use that, when I apply to my wife, they get funny looks.

They're great words, but not ones most people use on a regular basis.

Logy is one. Here's the definition from answers.com:

Characterized by lethargy; sluggish.


I do believe we all feel that way sometimes. I think I first heard the word on _Late Night with David Letterman_, way back in the day.

Today I definitely feel logy. My sleep was nonstop work. The whole night I dreamt that I was at work, in a hospital, at UVa, but there was no work. I wandered the halls like a ghost while other people worked. Occasionally I would come across people I sort of knew, but then they would fast forward. At some point I remember wondering if I had good benefits in this job, particularly whether this job paid for a membership in a health club. The random assembly of healthcare workers in the elevator when I asked replied that no, they don't. I don't remember if that matches reality. I think the hospital employees could use the UVa facilities at a reduced rate or something.

But the repetition of the dream, going from unit to unit, floor to floor, riding in elevators, walking the halls was a bit maddening. Not as scary as a nightmare, but numbing nonetheless.

I have to say it's put me in kind of a negative mood this morning, which I'm slowly transitioning out of.

In the meantime, I feel a little logy this morning.

Logy is a peculiar word, and I can't remember ever reading it, but I like it. It has an interesting history. Maven's Word of the Day:


The word you have in mind is indeed spelled logy, and its pronunciation is indeed "LOW-gee" (with a hard g) (though it is sometimes pronounced "LAH-gee," as if the first element were log, which it may in fact be), and its meaning is indeed 'sluggish; lacking physical or mental energy or vitality; lethargic; dull'.

So what do you need me for?

The origin of logy is not certain. It may be from a Dutch word log 'heavy; dull; cumbersome', cognate with a Middle Low German word meaning 'sluggish'. It could also be a variant of a (British) English dialect word loggy, which is derived from log; this word is from the 1840s.

Logy is an Americanism, first recorded in the 1840s though apparently not common until later in the nineteenth century. It is fairly widespread, but more common in the northern and western parts of the country.


Blame Dave for this one. I never have heard anyone else ever say it but me.

The other word Leah does not care for is "giddy." Giddy's a fine word, and I actually like to be giddy, but I think I must say it in a way that is not totally in the spirit of love or something, like giddy is a negative. But I dig giddy. Into my life this morning I would be delighted with some giddy to come my way.

Words are fascinating to me.Logy and not GiddyLadies and Gentlemen, we, the suburbian Joe and Leah are now the proud owners of a wonderful mismatched set of washer and dryer from the excellent Buzz's Appliances here in Simi Valley.

No more characters like Smoky, at least not in laundromats.

Woo hoo!Washer and Dryer

Speaking of Dave Letterman&#8230;

I had particular wants when I was a teenager. For example, at Christmastime I would ask very specifically that any t-shirts bought for me have no logos whatsoever. I still prefer blank t-shirts. Though the kids recently had the totally original idea of getting me a &#8220;Joe Cool&#8221; T-Shirt. Dude, I would so accept a Joe Cool t-shirt from my stepkids.

Anyway, one gift I got was a workbench. It was assembled by my paternal grandfather with screws. It was phenomenally awesome for me. I would draw on it, paint on it, overspray on it, experiment with fire and glue and paint and ink and carving and stencils (not all at the same time) on it. It was like having a garage in my room.

Well, David Letterman, with his &#8220;Late Night With David Letterman&#8221; show was a godsend to me. I stayed up far too late and watched Dave. This usually caused me to wake up late. But Dave was funny. Late Night was dadaist, silly, ironic, observant genius. There was no equal. I still have a large collection of Dave-oribilia that I keep meaning to auction off on eBay. It&#8217;s mostly magazines and such, but they&#8217;re lovingly preserved out in that garage.

Anyway, this drawing was a quickie. Dave would do this as kind of a &#8220;take&#8221; after a gag. I called it his &#8220;Alarmed Look&#8221; and after he did it a few times I drew it on some paper I had lying around. And somehow, over the course of 20 years, I managed to hold onto it.

I keep meaning to write an essay like &#8220;How David Letterman Saved My Life&#8221; &#8212; about my teen years and how his sense of humor reminded me to keep my darn chin up. It makes a great title, though it is misleading. A lot happened in those years.

And since then too.

Hey, onward!
Dave's Alarmed Look, 1985

Here's that androgynous girl again. A minimal bit of brush and ink and there's an image of a girl. This is an earlier incarnation of what became Leather Jacket Girl 1989. I like that a lot is conveyed with a very few strokes.

With the space afforded by my big workbench back then, I was very free to experiment with various media. Without a doubt I enjoyed and was frustrated by ink and brush the most. It's absolutely unforgiving of error. So the zen challenge, and I did very much look at it as a zen challenge, was to get all the strokes out and have it be coherent and beautiful and have no errors.

Anything else was not perfection. I suppose this is a kind of perversion of zen. The idea is not to be manically perfectionist, rather to be one with the medium and with your emotions as you embark on the artwork.

I threw out a lot of pictures. I did try to learn from them, but there were a lot of discards. I think I might have learned more perhaps had I done more pieces with a pencil underdrawing and then inked over that. But then that spontaneity I was seeking could be lost.

I had read a lot about Chinese and Japanese Calligraphy at that time, and I very much liked their quick brushstrokes that evoked an image and emotion. I still love that work.

One stumbling block I do set up for myself is that I want to be inspired and have the work flow out effortlessly.  The block is when I let that prevent me from doing more experiements. My "good student self" has diligence to pursue something even when I fail repeatedly.

I find that goal hard, but I do try and pursue it to improvement. I suppose the story of this, my second marriage, is of working to improve even as things are difficult. Not that my marriage is so difficult, but it is a marriage, and as such is the blending of two egos and persons in a partnership of love.

As M. Scott Peck says, in _The Road Less Travelled_, "Life is hard." He also talks about how marriage is the institution which smooths our rough edges and lets us have a view of life from a view of love and acceptance of the essential hardness of life.

Anyway, I digress. So let's digress some more.

Yesterday, on websandiego there was something of a flamewar. While it's nice to see activity there, it is frustrating that it is so devisive. Hurt feelings are _so trivially easy_ to evoke in the context of a mailing list. And a strong criticism can feel like a personal attack on someone and on their business. The fact is, in this world one will be exposed to people they disagree with. A person's reaction to such criticism shows the "content of their character" I think.

Looking back on the thread, I do not regret my words. There is much to learn from that thread for me. Not the least of which is the reminder that I have allowed websandiego to drift somewhat, and that perhaps I can, even from this distance, do things to foster that community.

On Sunday Leah watched _Nicholas Nickleby_, which was not bad at all for a costume drama. There was a speech at the end that does not seem to appear in the actual book to the effect of: "All lives are a tragedy; happiness is not to be expected, but the key is to recognize happiness when it comes and to delight in in."

Brushy Shorthaired Girl, 1986

Wild, colorful, out-of-character. Red Blue and Yellow only. My 16-year-old self was in a "primary colors" phase and was trying to stay focused on that.

I don't think it's great, but it sure looks like I had fun, dripping goache on the page the whole way through.

Pretty colors!Color Style Guy, 1986

Along the same lines as Dave's Alarmed Look, this is Calvert Deforest as Larry "Bud" Mellman (sic) as Roy Orbison.

Larry "Bud" is great. This is another quickie. So silly. Absurdist is absolutely the right word for the show that was Late Night with David Letterman.

Please remember that this blog is only an exhibition, it is not a competition. Please, no wagering.Larry "Bud" Melman IS Roy Orbison, 1987Back in Oh, the Weekend You Say? I recounted going to Con with E.

After that, E and I waited for her ride for quite a while. Man! Total and complete chaos in front of the convention center for Con. But it worked out and we both got picked up.

Leah and I went north, to see an old roommate of hers. We had drinks and chatted and Leah paid an old debt. It was a good time we had in San Marcos. After that we stayed the night with another old friend. That was serious and wonderful and cool.

The next morning we went for a breakfasty lunch at the briefly named Ki's, a restaurant in Cardiff by the sea. Excellent omelette. Very vegan and health conscious food, that.

After that we went and saw Confessions of a Mormon Boy, Leah tells the tale very well. The play was an amazing merging of two very American cultures, Mormonism and Gay culture. It was touching, fascinating, and all-too-real. If you get a chance, see it for a glimpse into both cultures.

After that we had dinner with my family. My Grandmother continues to improve, thankfully, and the crew got together for an impromptu "family dinner," which was totally wonderful.

After that, we made our way back home to Simi. It was a long drive, but it had been a very good weekend.

So that was the weekend before last. Maybe I'll catch you up on last weekend another time.

Hey you guys, love ya.The Weekend, You Say Part II

This is a bit more polished. Notice the careful cross-hatching on the body of the dragon. There's a literalness to this rendering that I quite like.

I mentioned before that I never was much for sword and sorcery stuff., but dragons are fun to draw.

The Wikipedia article for Dragon has some silly stuff in it, but amongst the dross are:


Chinese dragons (among others) are generally seen as benevolent, whereas European dragons are usually malevolent. However, malevolent dragons are not restricted to Europe, and also occur in Persian mythology (see Azhi Dahaka) and other cultures. The malevolent dragon is a prominent figure in Christian myth and iconography. Some Catholic Saints are depicted in the act of killing a dragon: for instance, Saint George, or, in Italy, Saint Mercurialis, who was the first bishop of the city of Forl.


And also:


Dragons are often held to have major spiritual significance in various cultures around the world. One example of them in religion would be some biblical references that seem to hint that the dragon is a type of archangel, one of which by the name of Lucifer, rebelled against God to become known as the seven-headed red dragon called Satan. Some take this as a sign that dragons are an evil force, however other parts of the Christian Scriptures (depending on the version) seem to indicate that God created multiple dragons, not all of whom rebelled. In many oriental cultures, they were, and in some cultures still are, a being to be revered, and were representative of the primal forces of nature and the universe.


I like dragons. I'm reminded of the significance of the dragon in the film _Excalibur_. I really like that movie. I wish it were less violent and sexual than it is, but I suppose as a powerful myth, it does need such *substance* to "flesh out" its messages. Given that my middle name is "Arthur," I was probably drawn a bit to Arthurian Legends. Mage, a comic series by Matt Wagner, was one such legend. I remember reading it (heh) religiously. Such beautiful work in that first series. I distinctly remember reading it during a break at my driver's ed classes. The comics shop was just 2 blocks away and I devoured "Mage" for its' contemporary and cryptic  retelling of the Arthur saga.

Magic is green.Dragon, 1989It keeps telling me:

"There are too many edits in the document. This operation will be incomplete. Save your work."


*I hate you*, Word.I hate Microsoft Word 2002 for Windows

Another in a fantasy vein, but there's a definite techno slant to the rider.

Interesting, "fuzzy lined" piece. It's sort of the opposite of what I was saying about wanting that precise line. The shaggy line affords a rendering that builds up with individual lines. Is that pointillism? I suppose it is.Winged and Saddled Creature, 1986

I&#8217;ve always liked this drawing of mine, by my 16-year-old self. Just a marker on paper if I remember correctly.

It&#8217;s definitely a drawing that was made with the aesthetic of &#8220;do it fast and do it now&#8221; &#8212; I think I may have been sad at the time given the melancholy of the pose. I&#8217;m not sure what is going on with her arm though. I just had no concept of anatomy and I was not trying to be realistically physical.

Anyway, after scanning this morning I thought I&#8217;d try adding color using PhotoShop. It works. Very rough, but it gives a bit of depth lacking in the original.

I need to work on patience and flexibility this week. I&#8217;m feeling especially impatient and inflexible this week. Well, maybe just yesterday.

These are not my best qualities.

Noodling in PhotoShop is rather calming though.

The day begins soon. Good morning.Girl with Flower Top, 1986, 2005

Made with the same marker as Girl With Flower Top, a nonetheless much darker image. Menacing, scary, aggressive.

I wonder what would have happened if I could have gotten the melancholy and the aggression to work together.

Then again, maybe I did.

I did a lot of drawings of vampires when I was in my teens. The myth of vampirism is yet another powerful myth to play with. Vampires definitely fall into the category of "melancholic aggression."Demon Teen, 1986

Nice design, not great in terms of color. This "Alien Astronaut" piece is kind of fun.Alien Astronaut, 1988

Quick and dirty. The texture is an experiment of ink dabs onto a wash of water.

Tinted in PhotoShop.Polka Dot Big Hair Girl, 1987

I'm 5 years old and I loved Snoopy.

My mother worked in an academic library when I was even younger than that, and when I would visit her library I would go find the Peanuts Treasury. And I would read and read. And Snoopy was my favorite.

I like very much the variation of the lettering here. I would call is "typography" there, but it sounds grandiose.

I _think_ it was done in 1975, but I'm not really sure, it may have been 1976 or 1974. I'm somewhere around 4 to 6 years old. It's not like I was including copyright information on my drawings at that point.

Unlike the various Star Wars drawings I did, which I remember were done at the kitchen table in our apartment in Alhambra, I'm not sure where and when this one was done. Again, this makes it difficult for me to date the drawing.

Feeling better today than yesterday. It's going to be a great day.

Take care, y'all.

And it's been a while, so....

*Onward*
Snoopy the Red Baron, 1975

Blade Runner is one of my favoritest movies EVAR (as the kids would say).

I believe I've talked about my liking of cyberpunk things before, and Blade Runner is definitely in that category.

When Blade Runner was rereleased in 1992 in the Director's Cut (with the lost narration and the not-The Shining ending) I drove to Richmond from Charlottesville to see it. I drove the 68 miles without a second thought. I wanted to see the newer version.

My mind races with thoughts about BR and my relationship to it. I think it was Mr. Johnson, my short story teacher from High School, who was convinced I could write, who lent a copy of the movie on VHS to me and Chris Greazel. I think it was a fuzzy dupe and Chris and I tried to watch it on my Grandparent's VCR (neither of us had one at home). Is that a misremembrance? Not sure. But we dug it.

Maybe some of my Japan fetish came from this film. There's the giant video mural of a geisha eating some candy or gum. There's the idea of cityspeak in the movie, which is a mishmash of Spanish, Japanese, German, what-have-you. There's a blue-eyed Edward James Olmos with blue contact lenses, as a cop, sort of hispanic, sort of not, dressed like a natty vato in an East L.A. style.

As an aside, there's an artificial owl when Deckard goes to see Tyrell for the first time:
Rachael: Do you like our owl?
Deckard: It's artificial?
Rachael: Of course it is.
Deckard: Must be expensive.
Rachael: Very.
Rachael: I'm Rachael.
Deckard: Deckard.

Very little said, but the implication is that nature is dead. We killed it. It's only 2019, but we killed nature off. Artificial snakes and snake scales.

Chris and I would go to Little Tokyo for years to get Japanese food in downtown L.A. based off the fact that the movie begins with Deckard getting noodles at some dive in downtown L.A.

I haven't done much scanning of vehicles that I worked on, but Chris would draw vehicles incessantly, and this inspired me to do the same. Many things were retrofitted vehicles. Syd Mead did the production design for Blade Runner, and he was credited as the "Visual Futurist." That term is as good a description as I could ever muster for my friend Chris.

I think it was in the late 1980s or so that we took a trip to Pasadena to an event called "Tools of the Trade" -- it was a tradeshow for artists. What amazing toys! I remember thinking the puffy fabric paints were really cool. And brushpens! Those were some high-tech things. But the main reason we went was to see Syd Mead. Chris even got an autograph if I remember right. You can read more about Syd Mead and his amazing talents at sydmead.com. The Wikipedia article about him could use some work. Syd also went to Art Center, a school both Chris and I hoped to attend, though as I said before, I never really applied myself to the task of applying to any school.

The infamous Art Center story is that one day after class Chris and I just decided after school to go up to Art Center and see what was in the gallery. Art Center always has cool stuff in their gallery, student work of all kinds. Chris was enthralled with the trans works, while I liked the illustration, art, and advertising works. Really amazing stuff, and things we aspired to. For years, it was a ritual of ours to return there to see what was in the gallery, and if we had time to hit the library and see what obscure transportation magazines from Japan Chris could find.

Oh, the infamous trip. So we just decided to go. No calling anyone. No messages. No notes, we just went. We got out of school at like 2 or 3pm. And we just went north. Took maybe 2 hours and change to get from San Diego to Pasadena. I remember, we just sorta winged it, and maybe got lost once on the way there. All the while playing tapes on this old tape recorder and player I had. The 1972 Volvo had an old AM radio in it. It was built like a tank, but did not have lots of power. We had a great time driving and talking and musing about -- well, everything. We talked about the plausibility of various aspects of Star Trek and Star Wars. About alien intelligence, about the future of the world, the inevitability of a nuclear war before the end of the century. (In fact, I think I lost a bet to Chris that there would be nuclear weapons detonated in anger before 2000). Mind you we were in about 1986 or so here, so we were 16 and 17 years old. Just kids, really. Anyway, we had a great time, and we saw the gallery, and it blew our minds. Chris has been there before, but I think it was my first time there. I was sort of the instigator. The way it shapes up in my mind is Chris and I were eating at some fastfood joint (maybe it was the Carl's Junior down the hill from University of San Diego?) and Chris was saying how cool it was. And I was in my "Say why not" phase and said, "well, let's go."

Man, I love the internet. Here's the map of our journey, more or less. One hundred and thirty miles from USDHS to Art Center.

I forget how it all played out. I think I must've dropped Chris off at his car near school, then gone home. I think it was at about 1am or so that we got home after driving the distance and stopping for Chili and Coffee at some Denny's, was it in San Clemente? I think I added oil on the way there. That Volvo burned oil.

I got home greeted by my mother, who was more upset, as in angry, than I had ever seen her in my life. She gave me a good talking to, stressing the fact that there was no notice given for this outlandish trip. I think my Dad was on call or aboard ship or somewhere else. I don't remember. But my Mom was furious at me.

My memory really is hazy here, it was 20 years ago, but I believe when my Dad heard about this trip he quite liked it. I think he liked that it was this spunky thing that I went and did without really thinking of anyone but myself. I suppose the dichotomy between my parents here is a touchstone for how I learned to think of myself and how I make decisions. My mother, the responsible and familial parent, and my father, the iconoclast. Somehow in that mixed message parenting I managed to survive my teen years and had some fun too. Mostly, admittedly, I was not really taking good care of myself, but I did learn a lot. Which I suppose one way or another, you can't avoid during your adolesence.

This week I'm going to see Bruce Sterling, an author who became famous during the Cyberpunk era, but whose work I had not yet read at the time of the Art Center trip. He will be speaking at Art Center. The last time I went was maybe 10 years ago. It'll be fun to see how the place has changed.

It won't be spur 0f the moment, and my Mom will not be upset at me, and I am giving notice that I'm going, but perhaps I'll be as inspired this time as I was that time. We'll see.Blade Runner Man, 1990; The Art Center Trip 1986ish

Mr. J.C. Roth taught high school physics at Uni High -- USDHS -- University of San Diego High School. I have no idea what years he taught there, but he was a great teacher who I totally underappreciated.

I got semi-famous at school for this caricature, perhaps my best caricature ever. Roth had a wonderful face and for all his New York gruffness, was a very kind man. He had moxie and chutzpah and when I think of the best teachers I have had in my life, I think of him.

He was smart and engaged and did not take any crap. You could not fall asleep when Roth was teaching.

I remember when we had a guy in our class who was voted "most likely to succeed" and was in the yearbook for that. Mr. Roth said very seriously, something like "that's great, though my experience is that those kids tend not to do so great, it's true" -- totally deflating the kid and not something you would expect a teacher to say. Roth was totally not joshing the guy. He was telling him his experience, which -- well, who knows how many years he had been teaching?

People liked this caricature so much they would ask for photocopies of it. I wonder if any of my old classmates still have a copy?

Further, I wonder what happened to Mr. J.C. Roth? He reminds me now of the character of Kramer from Seinfeld. I remember Roth talking at one time about how the best way to drive is barefoot, so you can get maximum sensitivity from the car. Why that has stuck with me, as opposed to the lessons of Newton's laws of motion? Well, that was Mr. J.C. Roth.

And here he is wit' you pee-puw.Mr. Roth Caricature, 1987So the other day I was on Matt Haughey's site and noticed the little box called "Now Playing" and a link to "my audioscrobbler".

Intrigued, I got an account and installed a plugin on iTunes. The result of this thing is that I have a new artlung.* link -- it's http://www.audioscrobbler.com/user/artlung/, which purports to show what I'm listening to at any given moment. I'm not sure how useful it is.

So. Audioscrobbler says I listen to Zappa.

Duh!

Still, kinda neat.

Oh, and there are some entries in there from Sunday night, Tony was making a CD for himself and managed to play some things I never play, like (ugh) Blink 182 and Goo Goo Dolls.

Well, maybe Audioscrobbler is not so much learning about me, as it's learning about my computer.Audioscrobbler Says I Listen to Zappa*Leah:*

&nbsp;

*Me:*

&nbsp;

In October of 2002 Leah and I got photos taken of our irises from this really interesting cat we met at a web design meetup. I _think_ it was a webdesign meetup, anyway. He had this crazy setup to take pictures of your eyes. The technique was digital. The fellow had lots of ideas about iridology, and what the shapes in your eyes tell about your general health. I didn't buy it, but it was a fun pseudoscience. He also said another branch of iridology that would tell you about your love life. He thought that stuff was bogus.

Leah did a great painting based on my eye. That painting now hangs on our bedroom wall.

Here's a definition of iridology from wikipedia:


Iridology is a form of alternative medicine in which patterns, colors and other characteristics of stromal fibers of the iris are examined for information about a patient's systemic health. Practitioners match their observations to iris charts which divide the iris into many zones believed to correspond to specific parts of the human body. Little if any rigorous scientific evidence exists confirming any such link between aspects of the iris and a patient's state of health and there is no recognized causative mechanism for any purported correlation.


I think the images don't have to indicate anything about my body or love life to be amazing and beautiful. And it was an honor to have my eye turned into a painting.

I seem to remember a conversation my father a long time ago about abstract art: he said that you could have amazing abstract art if you just did blow ups of photographs of things at a microscopic level.

I agree with that. The natural world is full of wonders.The Eyes of Leah and Joe

Look at me. I look a bit hapless, which is how I felt at the time. This is more-or-less a retracing of a previous self-portrait, but with a longer haircut, and is that a soul patch? Goodness me.

And I was going by "Art," hacking on my identity and using my middle name instead of my first.

Not a bad likeness, though the physiology does not quite work.

An interesting self-portrait.Self: Art Crawford, 1988Over on my flickr account, I just posted a very old image from when I was 13 years old. I'm calling it an "Autobiographical Mise en Scene," though I don't think that at age 13 I would use a term like "mise en scene" -- but if I knew it I bet I'd try.



At the regular resolution I annotated (go to the page and mouseover the image, and see the little rectangles to see what I mean) what all the parts of the image mean and what they meant, and what I think they meant to me. It's very interesting to peer inside my head at 13. I note that I signify both the T-Ball teams I had been on: The A's in Alhambra, and the International Harvester Hitters in The Philippines. I was not athletic, and I wonder why I would note that then, about 4 years from having been on any kind of team sport. I suppose it meant something to me. I love the little drawing of the TI-99/4a home computer, along with little snippets of TI-Basic. That's nifty. You can see a closeup view of the image here.

It looks like it was done entirely with calligraphy pens. I had a set of red, green, black, yellow, and blue pens. When dealing with my stepkids, it always behooves me to think about their inner lives, which are no doubt rich. When I look at this, I see how deep I was pondering what it meant to be me, trying to sum up my life, what does it mean? Who am I?

I suppose I do that too, with this site, and with these posts. It's a good process.Autobiographical Mise en Scene, 1983Andy Warhol (1), 1988

I said before I'd post the Andy Warhol images I had. As far as I know this one and the last one are the only ones I have.

Andy was a hero, and I remember crying when he died. It's strange. I have not cried for many deaths of famous people. I cried when Stanley Kubrik died, but beyond him and Andy I never really did. David Bowie plays Warhol in the film Basquiat and I find myself really affectionate for Andy. Such an odd, peculiar man he was. I don't know that I did very good justice to Andy, but I remember my affection like crazy. And strangely enough, it's still there, for this person I never met. Leah might call that a kind of fandom. I think it's something about heroes, and Andy was definitely one of my heroes.Andy Warhol (2), 1988http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/31197285/

100's and 1000's of dollars.

Note: at the time my Dad was a Physician's Assistant, a PA, not a Doctor. That's a distinction that my 8 year old self could not make. Wears white coat? Helps people? Works in hospital? = Doctor.

Here's the text:

By: Joe Crawford

I want to be a doctor because they help the sick and my dad is a doctor.

Also, being a doctor you make 100's and 1000's of dollars a year. I will have a wife and three kids. And for transportation I am going to get a Porche. For fun I'll go to Disneyland, Magic Mountain and fairs. I'm going to live in San Diego in a little green house.


What is this? Why it's this:


What will you be doing 20 years from now?

Room 10 at Park School thinks they know...

Grade 3
Spring 1978
Mrs. Pfeiffer, Teacher


This is Park School. I used to walk to school from the apartment we lived in which was literally two blocks away. I went there for grades Kindergarten through third grade. This is the school where partway through K, they bumped me to First grade. Being promoted like that was critical to my formation as an adult, though in retrospect it might have been easier on me to not have been.

Does anyone really know at age 8 what they want to be when they grow up?

It's funny, but the internet already existed in 1978. Little did I know.

And I wanted to drive a Porche?Twenty Years From Now Book, Joe Crawford, Age 8, 1978

I always seemed to be drawing this guy. Longish hair with a curl at the end, mustache, and a beret. The iconic artist. If I posted one artist drawing a day from my files I could probably go 3 months with just pictures of this guy in particular. I was always doodling him.

Huh, that description sounds like how my Mom described her Dad, my grandfather, and how he would draw this dog.

Interesting.Artist, 1988

In pencil. Quasi Mayan or Aztec, but I suppose it could be North American Indian / Native American.

What inspired me to make it I have no idea, probably the idea was to make something in the style of totem poles. The result is interesting to me now for how out of place it seems among my other drawings and doodles. It's also in pencil, a rarity because I always think of pencil as imprecise and weak. Silly really, it's all just tools.

I was about 20 years when I made this, I think. Though I may be off by + or - a year or two. My best estimate is 1990.Strange Idol, 1990

In color! (I carried around a set of colored pens and drew this one in a travel scrapbook that is mostly filled with memories of a Europe trip I took with my parents and sister).

At UVa I was one of the Respiratory Therapists on the bronchoscopy team. Basically we assisted on bronchoscopies for patients who needed to have their lungs looked at with fiber-optics. I assisted on some odd ones. I remember one very critically ill patient, their circulation was supported heavily with vasopressors and I think he was an ARDS on top of preexisting pulmonary fibrosis -- the inside of their lungs seemed to be filled up with black tar. Really terrible. I worked the night shift at UVa, so there were no "day in day out" bronchoscopies, it was usually people who were very sick. The Pulmonologists were all really cool, and it was fun to be in that assist role. They want saline, you have the saline ready. We maintained the bronch cart and assured we were ready for anything. It was actually quite fun, despite the seriousness of the job.

When a patient _already_ has an endotracheal tube in, adding a bronchoscope can get dicey if you're making sure they get their ventilation properly. High peak airway pressures can add some adventure, and you do your best.

Mind you, my RT skillz are over 10 years old, which sort of still amazes me, because I don't know that the technology of bronchoscopy and mechanical ventilation has changed all that much. Then again, computer and internet technology has changed by leaps and bounds in the same intervening time.

Bronchoscope, 1993

O callow youth! Doing a Mirror Project thing in this photo.

Joe at 18.

(Wasn't there a tv show called James at 15)?

Well, of course it was. A TV movie first, apparently. It was good and only lasted a year. What a surprise.

Had an excellent time with Leah at the Bruce Sterling speech at Art Center last night. Inspirational for me. And a nice drive home. Bruce Sterling inspires me.

And I love Leah. Self Portrait, 1988Sometimes what I come across in my pile of drawings is a fragment, like this. I like the boldness of the line, the feel of the line (gotten from a heavy inked brush on a nicely textured watercolor paper). I dig it and it reminds me of a retro-1950's style as seen in things like _PowerPuff Girls_, but the fact is, it's lacking. It's missing a whole chunk out of it? Why? I have no idea.



The magic comes after scanning. Some copying and pasting of other elements, some stretching and bending of 18 year old strokes, and it can actually become what it was destined to be. Some colorization and tricky Photoshoppery and this fragment can actually become a complete illustration. I added a sort of veronica lake line over her face, that was a fragment from the left side of the hair stretched and doubled. I added an ear from a whisp of hair from the right side. The sweater lines are likewise from the hair. It almost looks intentional.



It's fun working with myself.Squinty Big Hair Girl, 1988 & 2005

I added some tinting to alter the colors a bit. The original is very faint and I think the paper was not acid-free and has darkened a bit. Plus it's in pencil. For all I talk about not doing much pencil, I sure seem to be posting a lot of pencil stuff. Once again the physiology is all wrong, but it's interesting nonetheless. I like it.Spacesuit Headlight, 1987

Ending the week on a sweet note. I have one sister, Kelly. I was 7 when she was born. She rocks. And my Mom rocks too. This drawing just plain made me smile for various reasons, not the least of which I'm gonna get to see my parents and sister this month, and I'm looking forward to it.

At some point I want to let the story be told about how I, Mr. Mild Mannered, apparently started acting out when I had a baby sister. I was no longer the center of attention, and everything changed.Congratulations Mom, 1977

Leahpeah: Who's that?
Me: John Crivello.
LP: Who's John Crivello?
Me: A guy I sat next to in a drawing class.
LP: He's got crazy hair.
Me: Yeah.
LP: Was this the exercise where you don't take your pencil off the paper?
Me: And not look at the paper.
LP: How old were you?
Me: Thirteen.
LP: Pretty good.
Me: Thanks.

This was my freshman year in high school. The instructor told me I was holding my pencil wrong. How dare this woman tell me how to hold my pencil when I&#8217;ve been drawing my WHOLE DAMN LIFE?  I never listened to her again in that class.

As a result, I didn&#8217;t get as much out of that drawing class as I could have.

So much hubris and ego. It took me years to work more of that ego out of my system. It&#8217;s still there, but I understand it much better. It drives me to excel, but it also can get in the way.

Know thyself.

Onward.Lil' Johnny Crivello, 1983Last night at a rare restaurant date for Leah and I a song was playing. Leah said it was a cover. I knew it was not. The lyrics included these lines:


Don't it always seem to go
That you don't know what you've got till it's gone?
They paved paradise and put up a parking lot.


They also played the Vanessa Carlton cover of the song. I could NOT for the life of me, think of the original artist.

I was stuck on the fact that Q-Tip says her name in a Janet Jackson song. Of course it's a cover of the same song.

All it took to find the answer with a computer was a bit of google this morning, and boom.

"Joni Mitchell never lies" is the thing Q-Tip says, and it's the answer to the question of who wrote and sang that song.

The song was "Big Yellow Taxi."

Leah was actually a little freaked out as I was trying to think of the artist. I was going into a 100 yard stare, defocusing my eyes.

I kept coming back to it. I know _so_ many songs, and when I can't think of something I think it must be there somewhere. The problem is that there's no obvious timeout feature for my brain when I'm doing a search like this. It's like, no it's exactly like, a tune stuck in my head. And no metadata to go with it.

Very frustrating.

But dinner was lovely. Leah and I were going to go see a midnight showing of _Donnie Darko_ at Insomniac Cinema, but we flaked out. In the end, we were too tired. Midnight movies may not be in the cards without a nap beforehand.Searching Song Database. (a)bort (r)etry (i)gnore?I have a notebook I started in March, 1988. I think it was a birthday gift. Maybe not. I was 18. It's full of cryptic lists and notes and scribbles. I'm going to transcribe some of it, then I'm going to throw it out. It may not make any sense.

More after the cut.




AGENDA
APRIL 14 --&gt;
NEW TREK (ENTERPRISE) MODEL
"THE STREET"
COMICON 25$ 4 DAY MEMBERSHIPS
  DEADLINE APRIL 30
MOLLY DODD
MANSON, Charles
HICKS - ROTH - CRAWFORD
  (AMIGA CONTACTS)
WARHOL ON: ?
RAIN = no summer
CYBER VIDEO GAME
Devo has
AMY's PARENTS: DISCUSS
TREK RELATED?
TRANS SKETCHES

ARMANI: Very Cyber(GIBSON)
BYRNE OSCAR!


And here's an embarassing rant on metal:


Metal is...
... not metal if there are any keyboards, that is pop.
... not metal if none of the members of the band has a tattoo.
... not metal if the members of the band wear make-up, that if they were girls, they'd be pretty (This means White Lion, etc, are not, whereas Twisted Sister is)


And more lists:


Look up:
Landcruiser (Australia)
Landtrain
Transport
Joy Division
Tiffany article
Letterman book
Byrne Article: Sampling


And:

The context for conjuring up memories / images / ideas of importance was always M.S. That was because there were so many things to discuss, that the process of going through a systematized routine was good at facilitating the conjuring. Seeing cars (taillights), thinking about greatness, the music, the future, stupidity. All this was facilitated by and facilitated thinking. Now, with the AGENDA we can easily access the important things.
AP2188 - JAC


More:

QUOTE: on art (ant in serpent)
16" long enterprise

Los Angeles June 11-12
Aitport Hilton hotel
CREATION Salutes Star Trek; an incredible all star celebration that you won't want to miss



E Santa Inez
N Willard
Chavez home looks same
L.A. 1988



Refit Corolla
Cruise
Tape Cassette
Teflon & Scotch

Ticket: Inquire
Parking ticket
Lot incident
M.S. incident
Speeding ticket



Blade Runner Tape
Clean and organize papers find car I drew and added pseudo reflections
(in colored pencils)



Compulsion
Obsession
Art
Brutality
Love
Savagery
Solace
Loneliness



Chris - L.A. Auto Show
Sunday
[Saturday 3 4 5]
why do like cars?
why cars? it is only
concept cars... what's special about
them



ARTISTIC AGENDA
A CURRICULUM FOR STAYING IN THE KNOW IN THE 80S & 90S


And with that, this notebook may be deleted.Notebook, 1988

This, one of my first ever studies in perspective, was for the same high school drawing class as this. It shows my room, or at least a simplified version of my room.

At the time my parents, sister and I were living with my grandparents and I lived out on the patio. This included my kickass TI-99/4a computer, which I so dearly loved. You can see the tetherball in the back yard, the puppy Kristi aka Crystal, who chewed on some photos taken with a 110 camera. I still have the chewed photos.

The thing about the drawing is the loving detail on the computer (which had 48k of memory). The TI-99/4a has PRIMARY importance in the composition. Computers came FIRST, I can only presume, based on this.

From the same era, this image likewise includes the computer, but in context.

In this pencil drawing, a bit too large for the scanner so I had to composite it, I'm learning about perspective and not doing too bad a job. I like the inclusion of the tape/radio cassette I used to store my programs.Perspective Study; My Room, 1983Very sad to hear of Peter Jennings' passing today at 67, of cancer.

Did you know that there's a Negro Problem song called "Peter Jennings," from Joys & Concerns. It's pretty good. The lyrics are nonsensical, but they don't appear to besmirch the memory of Mr. Jennings, so we'll go with it:


*Peter Jennings*

Ba ba ba
Ba ba ba
Ba ba ba ba
Ba ba ba

Ba ba ba
Ba ba ba
Ba ba ba ba
Ba ba ba

La la la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la

Na na na na
Na na

Oh Peter Jennings
Oh won't you help me?
I'm chasing you through the foggy bog
You turned around say I lost 'em all

Oh

Oh Peter Jennings
Won't you help me?
I'm chasing you through the foggy bog
You turned around say I lost 'em all
Say bye ABC
Lord, just for me
So I can sleep with my TV on
You turn around, say que lastima
Like this
Na na na na na na na na na na na
Like this
Na na na na na na na na na na na

So Monsieur Glenny
Oh won't you sell me
A leather mag and a molotov
A German car with the top blown off
See it's higher than me
Here in Newton's tree
So full of monkeys and sacred songs
You turn around, say que lastima
Like this
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Like this
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Like this
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Like this
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Like this

So LAPD
Why you chase me?
Didn't I have my blinker on?
Didn't I say I love the law?
See it's higher than me
Here in Newton's tree
Full of monkeys and sacred songs
You turn around, say que lastima

Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Lyrics of the Day: Peter Jennings

So I've posted The Flash, and also Batman & Robin.

So here's Superman now. You know, there's a new Superman movie that'll be out next year. Check Blue Tights dot net for more info. It may even be good. And I'm sure you know about Smallville, a show that were I younger I think I would be watching very closely. The kids really seem to like this show. It's got action and romance and teens. What more could you want?

Oh, and I'm sure you also know that people conflate Superman with Ubermensch, right? I love that Wikipedia:

Last year I picked up the book Superman on the Couch, a pretty good exploration of the psychology of superheroes from a cultural and social perspective. Very thoughtful reading of superheroes comics and why they are such potent metaphors.

It occurs to me that I have not drawn much in the way of Marvel characters at all. These are all DC comics so far. Interesting. I have about an even number of Marvel and DC comics in my collection (still for sale!), but I have many more drawings of DC characters. Maybe I'll see if I have _any_ Marvel characters at all. I can't think of any at the moment.Superman, 1986

...at Art Center the other day.Leah took thisLeah and I awoke at 5am or so this morning to a big shake. Was it an earthquake here in California/Ventura County/Simi Valley?

*Update* It was the STS-114 sonic boom as it went over the southland on its way to landing in Mojave.Was that an earthquake? No, Sonic Boom.http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/32620659/

I like giant robots. Did then, too.

This week has been upended, I have training to go to out of town.

There may be no blogging and scanning for the next two days. We'll see.

In the meantime, visit my Drawings & Artwork flickr page to see the scanning-up-a-storm I've done in the past month or so.The Behemoth, 1984
Omega the Dog, ink on paper, 1987. This was from the summer after high school and before moving to Virginia.

Omega was a good dog, loving, goofy, and she made a great pillow.

I have another drawing of Omega that's pretty good, when I post that I'll talk about all my memories of Omega.

Today: tired from driving 320 miles yesterday. But I'm taking care of business, baby.Dog and Desk @ 2:30, 1987Desert Guy, 1986

Ever have one of those days?

I felt like this yesterday.

I thought I was all suave, but I was actually exhausted and irritable and irascible and lots of other ir-starting words that mean _mean_.

Today is a brand new day and I get to choose how to be. And I am rested, so I have much better abilities to cope generally.

Let's hope this is the beginning of a great weekend.Vampire Morning, 1985We just got a new landline and it turned on yesterday.

And today, just now, we got our first telemarketing call.

And I thought _spam_ was bad.

*Update* _and 3 hours later, another one._ UGH!New Landline Pounced On!

Related: Dog and Desk @ 2:30pm, 1987.

Omega was the friendliest dog in the world.

She did not really understand that we owned her. I guess it's all a matter of perception.

Many times we'd get phone calls from people saying "we have your dog, the kids love her" -- we would go to the place and she would be surrounded by kids, giving her cuddles. She was happy to see us, but she'd have been just as happy either way I think. I guess it's hubris to say that my family "owned" that dog.

I think it would be quite something to apply a similar philosophy to life. As Strong Bad said in SB Email #94, "'CAUSE YOU CAN'T CONTROL ME!!"

I think the "you can't control me" philosophy was very Omega. Although I think Omega was on a whole other philosophical level, she didn't even understand the concept of control or being controlled. Wild.

It's Friday man. Welcome to the weekend, baby.

Omega the Lazy Dog, 1987So today's item is a day calendar from 1994.

Nineteen ninety-four is the year I moved back to California in pursuit of the movie business, more or less.

Let's see what we find!

Here's my name in some other language, I think got from a coworker from Los Alamitos Medical Center.

MEO NOME E JUSSEFE


The State of California would only give me a temporary license to practice Resspiratory Therapy at the time. Jerks. I had all my paperwork, and the temporary was equivalent to having the license, just the printed official "card" had not arrived. Unfortunately this temporary license was not good enough to get me a job; despite being window dressing on my actual credential, a Registered Respiratory Therapist from the NBRC (National Board for Respiratory Care). Most hospitals said "we'll hire you the second you get your real license." Of course, the temporary was the State of CA's way of saying, "it's on the way," but for some reason nobody wanted to hire me until that came through. I think Los Alamitos actually hired me without it, but it's sort of lost in my memory now.

Okay, what else is in this calendar?

Well, it contains all my night shifts. The pattern was typically(starting on a monday) 2 on, 2 off, 3on , 2off,2on, 3off. Each "on" was a 12 hour night shift: 7p to 7a. These are denoted with "NN" -- then there are some (rare) 8 hour nights in there as well. a "N" was an 8 hour night starting at 11pm. so, 11a to 7a. Then a 19N is 7pm to 3am. The 19 is for "19:00" obviously.

I always liked the night shift. I can see how it would be difficult for someone with a wife and kids, but for a single guy it was perfect. I liked nights a lot. One of my favorite things was going out for breakfast after work. There was a place in Charlottesville that made great breakfast and served beer too. After a hard night that is really wonderful.

What else... Some hospital contacts at Chapman General and other SoCal hospitals while I was looking for work. I had done a lot of footwork before I left Virginia.


02 Jan 94: KINKO's CARD; BIG PLAN 9 PURCHASE
28 Jan 94: Party @ Jim's Place
29 Jan 94: Flaming Wok, Schindler's List
02 Feb 94: Cracker - Trax
22 Feb 94: In the Name of the Father
13 Mar 94: Between the Teeth, Tower
20 Mar 94: Satellite Fix, Kabuki
21 Mar 94: Waldenbooks, Roanoke
26 Mar 94: 24th Int'l Tournee of Animation
(Also in May here was seeing Janet, my girlfriend at the time.)
06-10 May 94: To San Diego for Silva Family Reunion
22 May 94: 4 guys named moe
25 May 94: 4 weds & a funeral
08 Jul 94: Leave for Europe
19 Aug 94: to San Diego (EW 830 till 530)
25 Aug 94: Lollapalooze 1pm
29 Aug 94: Los Alamitos Interview
01-30 Sep 94: I have *lots* of stuff happening this month. Interviews with California Hospital, a per diem outfit, ACLS recertification in Orange County, calling old friends, Kinko's, Chris G and family, LAMC orientation on 26 Sep, a class I took at Art Center (and did terribly in), Street Scene in San Diego. Very busy month!
01-31 Oct 94: Still busy, but a regular routine. Los Alamitos started their shifts at this strange time, 22:15, and they occasionally had per diems work day shifts too. Man I hated that. Days or nights or never the twain shall meet man! Even then I knew swinging back and forth between shifts was not healthy. Also this month I interviewed at UCI medical center. That was a great interview but they would not consider per diem people at all. And at the time, I was all about being flexible. I wanted to pick and choose my time, and they were against that. They lost.
01-30 Nov 94: It looks like I have my votes in the California election written out here. I voted for a strange mix of candidates. Could this be right? I voted Green for Senator, Lt. Gov, Secretary of State, Republican for Controller Tresurer and Atty General, and Democrat for Governor. And what the heck is "L" for the insurance commissioner. It's really strange to see this political iconoclasm at 24. I still go my own way on things, but I guess the changes in this country have steered me toward more simple party votes. But I like this 24 year old version of myself. He really seems to care about his right to vote his conscience. I can just see myself reading all the candidate statements and making decisions that way. Also this month I had a second interview (a month later!) at California Hospital and got hired. Then there was overlap working for both hospitals, one in downtown L.A. and one deep in the OC. That was kinda wacky. Somewhere in there I moved into the Oakwood apartments in Koreatown. A little studio apartment for $600/month.
01-31 Dec 94: More California Hospital schedules. I worked New Year's that year. There was an anniversary party for my Grandparents that year.


My encapsulations are glossing over so much stuff. No possible way to sum up a year in a blog post. But you're getting the broad strokes.

Let's see, there's some more notes in here. I have some addresses and phone numbers. Most of these have changed now. Oh, I didn't transfer them all in here. See, at the time I kept my addresses in a spreadsheet on my Amiga. I can't remember the name of the software but it was pretty good. I would shrink the type size to be narrow and small, and I would always print a new copy, and keep that with me at all times in my wallet, carefully and lovingly folded. I was well organized.

Oh, here's something, showtimes for _Ed Wood_ at some Orange County theatres. I like that movie.

This was a fun post for me, though I wonder what you got out of it?

I'm discarding this item now.

Appointment Book, 1994

It's hard to imagine a more aggressive picture than this one.

The 18 year old self of mine could be pretty aggressive in his head, but he was passive on the exterior. Too many years bullied. Led to tendencies toward passive aggression.

Not my best quality.

Working on it still.Man With A Gun, 1988

Old experiment with ink and spraypaint, a metallic blue if I remember. And some other colors as well.

A very fun experiment. Great texture.Girl Spraypaintcolor, 1987

Another in a series of experiments with ink and spraypaint. Less effective. I like the idea of this one more than I like it. He could easily be part of the Star Trek rougues gallery. I like the inclusion of an alien alphabet on this one.Alien Spraypaintcolor, 1987

This is my favorite of the inky colored pieces I have. I've said before I don't have that many pieces in color. Ones in black and white and red are among the strongest pieces though. I like the clarity of this one, decisive line work. This one is not with spray paint though, it's with a red ink I had at the time.

There was an art store, I can't remember the name, on Cass street in Pacific Beach and I would ride my bike there and browse their stuff. One day on clearance I found this set of inks, semi-clear, and on _sale_ that I really liked. I think I spent $12 on them, which was a lot for me at the time. Darned if remembering them doesn't make me want to get another set!

I think the material it was most like is this Dr. Ph. Martins Bombay India Inks. It's not the brand it was, but it looks similar. The one I had also had a dropper in the cap. At the time I would carry the inks around wherever I went. Not that I used them, but I have a packrat mentality.

It's a pity I don't have more pieces done with those inks. Perhaps when I get a chance I'll get a set and do some work. I have much more fun with a brush than with a pen. And not just a "pen brush," but a real brush and india ink can be great.

Oh, and I'm not even mentioning the charcoal I used here. I bought that for a drawing class I took at Mesa which I totally failed to get it together for.  But I did have some fun with the various charcoals there.

Note to myself: One thing, this has been retouched a bit more than the other "spraypaint" items because there was something on the back of this image that showed through. I've done some Photoshopping out of that ghost of an image.Man in Ink & Charcoal, 1987

Nine designs for pumpkins. I believe I did these in anticipation of Halloween, 1987. On paper, and with Micron Pigma type pens. I like 'em.

My favorite thing about these is that I can tell I showed them to my grandma, who declared that Pumpkin Idea 5 looked like he "doesn't have good sense."

I always enjoyed Halloween particularly making decorations such as banners and posters. I also like giving out candy. My usual thing is to _demand_ that kids say "Trick or Treat" -- that's the ritual. My pet peeve is that kids come to the door while one batch of kids is getting served and just want candy. Sorry, the transaction is this: you have to be in costume (or do your best to be in costume); you have to say "Trick or Treat;" the candygiver has to dole out some candy and say something about your costume (or hassle you about your advanced age and sucky costume); and you have to say "Thank You" (well, you don't have to, but it's good Halloween manners.Halloween Pumpkin Designs, 1987https://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/34691062/

In 1987, the year I graduated High School, I did this poster for Halloween. I'm still proud of this one. It's a big mishmash of characters, it made an impression on those who came by, it was fun to do.

Related: pumpkin designs.Halloween Poster, 1987http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/34637647/

This was drawn as part of my brainstorming a Christmas card in the run up to the first Gulf War. It's supposed to have a melancholy feel. I think given that the tank is sort of unrecognizable, it has a science fictional quality.

Interesting to me that 14 years later and we're dealing with Iraq and desert warfare again.

I was pretty naive and hopeful that we would not have war happen for Gulf War I, and Gulf War II for that matter. I do wish we had managed and would manage the occupation of Iraq better. We seem to have made a lot of mistakes along the way and taken our eye off the ball in terms of the actual, active threats provided by nimble terrorist groups. Of course I'm not even mentioning the threat of other nuclear governments.

Feh. Politics. Go read TMV if you want politics, I don't have the energy to write about it here.Tank Landscape, 1990http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/34831695/

I don't remember this guy's name. I would have drawn this on a slow night at California Hospital. He was a midwestern guy, and a supervisor. I think he was primarily a neonatal therapist, though he ended up as a night shift boss.

It's kind of strange how I got the job there. I interviewed with the head of the department and never heard back. I reached out a few times in the next two weeks to try and contact someone and never got a satisfactory answer.

About 4 weeks later I got a call for a second interview with the night shift supervisor. It was for a noc position, so it was scheduled for about 10:00pm or so. So I took the opportunity to prepare by going to Twoheys for (breakfast? dinner?) [i found a picture of their sign on flickr].  I was still in Orange County so it was a stretch.

Getting the gig at Cal was the thing that allowed me to move out of the OC and into L.A., specifically to Koreatown.

That was a good deal. A big step in my transition to Angeleno. Yeah, that's what many of L.A.'s denizens call themselves.

It's funny, I consider myself a San Diegan _and_ an Angeleno. Can I have dual citizenship?

Or are they mutually exclusive?

It's been a long day. Days off coming up here with family in town. I worked my butt off today on a project for work. Badass HTML and CSS done right and done hard. But I've got no energy for anything else. I worked a ten hour day today and let non-regular employment stuff go by the wayside. Tomorrow I catch up.Cal RT Boss, 1995http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/34831696/

Pure expressive brush, quickly rendered, on thickly textured watercolor paper.

This is what I want to do more of.

The fun of it is in the thick and thins of the line, and in the permanence of the stroke. There's no turning back when you put a line down. I love that. It sure can waste a lot of paper when it goes wrong, but when it works, it works really well.Goatee Chin, 1990Great weekend with family - like a Leah and Joe Woodstock, well, sorta. There was saxophone playing and Apples to Apples and a big turkey dinner and a walk to the park and trips to the Reagan Library. Great gifts, love, standard family conflict, movie watching, touring, reading, lots of laptops using the house, music, Paul Anka, big breakfasts, church, and much more.

I have a lot of catching up to do.Now where was I?http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/34642209/

Part of my fandom of Japanese culture was learning, which is to say _trying to learn_ the hiragana and katakana alphabets. So while these vehicles are interesting and well rendered, what I find more interesting is my own careful choice of names.

Jek is the overarching name of the zaibatsu I invented for these pieces. Think of it like Mitsubishi or Sony. Then, the actual vehicles are named Platypus and Amenbo. Amenbo is Japanese for "pond-skater," apparently from some language reference on page 191. While Platypus is from the english word, and has been broken up into it's syllables: pa-ra-te-pu-se. These phonemes, or maybe they're syllables, then get looked up to their katakana equivalents.

Today I'm back to work, and things are pretty good.

There's lots to say but no time to say it.

Hope you're all having a great day.Jek Vehicles, 1988http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/35388569/

This was for the graphic design class in 1988 that I did so poorly, as I recounted here. The idea was to have some rich textures to show off. This one was done with india ink, washes, and black and white colored pencils. I still quite like this texture.

Something like this makes me think of Creative Commons licenses and how I am not really using them. Every time I look at them I am not quite sure how to license my work. I really don't want to give all my stuff the same license, and doing it on a case by case basis seems too hard to me.

I guess metadata is hard.

On a downbeat note, it seems that flickr will transition all their users to yahoo membership accounts in 2006. I hate that idea. I lost my "artlung" account on yahoo.com several years ago and I can't log in because I gave them a fake DOB way back in 1997 or so. If I can't have "artlung" as a username and you don't provide me with a mechanism to retrieve it or even talk to a human being about what it might make to do that, then your service is stupid.

More on the conversion here: Top   5. Do I have to log in via Yahoo!?


Please note that we will be migrating all independent Flickr accounts to Yahoo!'s network in 2006. At that time, if you have not done so already, you will be asked to create a Yahoo! ID (or link your account to your Yahoo! ID if you already have one) in order to continue using your account. We'll provide further details about the merge as the date approaches.


In the post "One Less Password" on flickr blog, Stewart Butterfield  indicated nothing of the sort.

I appreciate the service flickr provides, and I don't want to migrate away from it, but I will if they make me do this. I'm preparing for this eventuality.B&W Texture, 1988; Thoughts on flickr's 2006 account changesI'm trying out Google Talk today. My account is artlung at gmail dot com.

Anyone else messing with this?

*Update*
I am playing with Adium and added ICQ, yahoo instant messenger, and AIM accounts.

ICQ: 13645268
AIM: artlung (at sign) mac.com
Y!M: websandiego
MSN: joe (at sign) artlung.com

No guarantees I'll be in, but it's worth a shot.Google Talk AccountI said before that the first thing we started getting when we got a new landline as a backup was TELEMARKETING CALLS. Yuck.

Today I installed the new number in the Do not Call Registry. I hope that works.

See also:
Turn The Tables on Telemarketers
Telemarketers vs. The TalibanDO NOT CALLOne of my pals, Binary Wolf, and I, spoke for more than an hour (was it two?) yesterday -- about all topics. Quite a wonderful conversation between two cable-modem havin' guys.

Turns out he was looking for a logo, and right there on the audio call, I whipped up an illustration that now graces his Pringles Cantenna page. For a one off drawing I did and scanned in a few minutes, it was very gratifying. He described what he wanted, and I whipped out this:

http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/37223050/

This was a little raw, so I refined it and scanned that and got this:

http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/37226426/

Which in turn had some cantenna details wrong, so in Photoshop I tweaked and messed, and even added a genuine image of a Pringles can,  about and the final result is this:

http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/37234713/

I dig it a lot. I got mad skillz yo.

Granted, it's not my best drawing ever, but for someone who has been, in this space, mythologizing his drawing skills of _the past_ but providing precious little in the way of _new_ drawings, it was a terrific exercise. _I'm drawing!_

So go visit Do-It-Yourself Wi-Fi Antenna Update and of course and most especially, the Pringles Cantenna page.Spoils of Google Talk: Cantenna Illustrationhttp://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/37238223/

I like this one a lot. So minimal. So few strokes, but it works as a whole. I like it.

Updates: we were given the great gift of a gym membership and last night we used it for the first time. Leah and Dev and Alex to a Tai Chi class, and I went to the pool and swam laps. Great stuff. I'm sore all over, which sounds like exactly the right thing. I'm very happy with that outcome. I have a lot of extra fat on me which impinges on my ability to do what I want to do.

Granted, I can lift stuff, and move stuff, and get around, and even walk a lot, but it's hard on my body, my joints. If I were a car, I would be in need of a tune up. So I think that's what this is.

I'm toying with making it a goal to swim laps every day. The place is open pretty late during the week, so we'll see.

This morning is pretty, though it looks like it'll be a hot day. We'll see.

In other news, if you're in Simi Valley and play racquetball, and are a middling player, give me a shout. Wanna partner?

In yet other news, I have failed to see both War of the Worlds and Fantastic Four in the theaters. We did see March of the Penguins, which was great, but it vexes me to not have seen WotW and FF on big screens.

In yet other other news, yes, the comments system for the site generates errors right now. It'll take your comment, but it's ugly. Rest assured, I'll get your comment. If you resubmit, it'll come in twice. Yes that stinks.

Okay, gotta get going. Leah's off to work. I've done some email and blogging, and it's time to begin the workday.Minimal Brushy Angst, 1988

Little more than a scribble. The mustache is an afterthought. Not a great likeness.

I can tell the year because of the mustache, and the lab coat.

Maybe it's not obvious to you it's a lab coat, but it's sure obvious to me.Self Portrait, 1990http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/37460369/

Well, that last one was a terrible resemblance, as pointed out by Tom Bickle.

This one is rather better, I think. This actually _looks_ like my professor. I even have some proof of that.

I used to draw a lot in his class, psychology is a great subject for drawings. Drawings to illustrate my notes, or just to doodle. After all, I think my major at the time was Fine Art, well, that was my declared major,  inasmuch as a Community College student can have a major.

I enjoyed that class. I liked to make arguments in that class. The Prof argued that we overused the word "love" so much as to negate its meaning. We "love" the symphony, we "love" our car, etc. I argued that love still had meaning as a word, because from context we can tell what people mean by what they say when they say they love something.

Well, I love being able to share my meandering and rambling thoughts on this blog.

Can you tell that that's different from when I say that I love Leah?

Oh, I'm getting pretty deep now.

It's striking to me that a class I took for a few months 17 years ago has left such vivid memories.

And here I am disgorging them in a medium that did not exist when I had the memories originally.Psychology 101 Professor, 1988http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/37460370/

Though I don't have the proof, this one is even better than the last one.Psychology 101 Substitute Teacher, 1988http://www.flickr.com/photos/15893796@N00/37837954/

Ladies and Gentlemen, the Ferreteer repurposes my self portrait based on a suggestion from Tom Bickle.

Ferreteer has made me laugh out loud before with his PhotoShop shenanigans.

It's a lovely morning. Feeling great. my back was hurting yesterday, but it's much improved today. Today's a pool day, I believe.Gomez ArtLunghttp://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/38620326/

More travels through packrat-ism. In about 1994 I worked with a _very_ diverse staff of Respiratory Therapists. One of the women was a Russian, and I prevailed upon her to write my name, "Joseph" in Cyrillic. It looks pretty cool.

And now that I've scanned it, I've one less piece of paper! Yay for trimming and slimming.

Albeit one page at a time.Joseph in CyrillicRead her piece about R. Kelly's Trapped in The Closet. And my favorite resource site Wikipedia has a full synopsis too: Trapped In the Closet. It indicates that there are indeed going to be 10 parts to the saga.

Oi vey.Post of the Day @ LeahpeahExpatriate.Word of the DayDamn difficult to blog about my drawings as a 15 year old with New Orleans underwater and in apocalyptic chaos.

In addition to work going into this 3-day weekend, here's what I'm looking at lately with regards to New Orleans.

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Missisipi Valley Region
Wikpedia: FEMA (I teared up as I read what FEMA's responsibilities and capabilities are. It's been gutted in the name of the Department of Homeland Security. The Federal response to this sucks.
Coast2050.gov was a site that was working to get a plan in place to protect Louisiana's coast. Too late.
Mr. Bill and the inevitable Hurricane (windows media)
Doc Searls on a Disaster Management guy from LAs Vegas who is not impressed with the Fed response to all this.
From several years ago: Times Picayune from several years ago predicting most of this
Hurricane Housing dot org
neworleans.craigslist.org up and running and a vital piece of the communications pie. cell phones may be weak, but craigslist keeps humming.
Katrina.Louisiana.gov: Donate to LA
People TURNED DOWN from helping people get out of New Orleans. A damn shame: " Thanks but no thanks"
Bureaucratic screwups seem to be the norm.
NOLA View: A weblog: absolutely heartbreaking scary stories here
Lots of good coverage over on crooksandliars.com
Some good maps of NO, on the NYTimes website
Ted Koppel grills FEMA head Mike Brown. Sorry, but expressions of stern interest are pretty weak. Get your ass on the job Mr. Brown.
jwz has a nice set of links from yesterday
Nice short collection of photos that tell the story
more photos on washingtonpost.com
CNN covers misinformation, lying, ignorance, and the huge disconnect between incompetent feds and boots-on-the-ground people saying it's a mess
slightly confusing (and too small) map of NO with recent sat imagery
actual progress: trucks getting in. how many days later?
Other nations offer aid and assistance
Interdictor is a LJ by a webhost/colo facility in New Orleans. riveting stuff, the guy's a nut, but he gets several million points for style AND substance
Slidell Hurricane Damage Blog: it's not just New Orleans
Lots of Overhead Photos http://ngs.woc.noaa.gov/katrina/New Orleans and KatrinaLong weekend. Getting back in the swing. Rock on. More later today. I have another dose of KatrinaLinks today.Long WeekendKeith Olbermann/MSNBC: Editorial comment on Katrina and failed government.
City of New Orleans, Disaster Preparedness: Hurricanes
Bush's cynical photo ops on the Gulf Coast
New Orleans Times-Picayune keeps on keeping on.
Some Astrodome Pix
First hand hurricane account: Mayhem.
FEMA timeline: yuck
Satellite/aerial photos of Katrina damage (links from Rafe Colburn)
LiveJournal of a Nurse from N.O.
For fun: BUSH BRINGS MUCH NEEDED HUGS, FROWNY FACES TO NEW ORLEANS: BELEAGUERED CITY'S DEPLETED SUPPLY OF PLATITUDES ALSO REPLENISHED: President reassures horrified nation: "Trent Lott's home will be rebuilt."
Crews Wage Five-Day Battle To Plug 17th Street Breach
Houston Chronicle: KEEPING ITS HEAD ABOVE WATER: New Orleans faces doomsday scenario, December 2001
Mark Cuban: Katrina - Disaster Relief - The Media and the Web 2.0: yes, the web can do much better
Lyrics to Good Old Boys: Louisiana 1927 by Randy Newman

What has happened down here is the winds have changed
Clouds roll in from the north and it started to rain
Rained real hard and it rained for a real long time
Six feet of water in the streets of Evangeline

The river rose all day
The river rose all night
Some people got lost in the flood
Some people got away alright
The river have busted through clear down to Plaquemines
Six feet of water in the streets of Evangelne

Louisiana, Louisiana
They're tyrin' to wash us away
They're tryin' to wash us away
Louisiana, Louisiana
They're tryin' to wash us away
They're tryin' to wash us away

President Coolidge came down in a railroad train
With a little fat man with a note-pad in his hand
The President say, "Little fat man isn't it a shame what the river has done
To this poor crackers land."

Louisiana, Louisiana
They're tryin' to wash us away
They're tryin' to wash us away
Louisiana, Louisiana
They're tryin' to wash us away
They're tryin' to wash us away
They're tryin' to wash us away
They're tryin' to wash us away


Nice ranty Thomas PM Barnett on it all: The storm surge begins. Bolding added to the best bits by me:


So much blame to go around.

New Orleans is revealed, to no one's surprise, as a woefully loose-ruled environment barely managed by a corrupt, incompetent government.

Support networks in the poor, rural coastal areas are revealed as meager and painfully brittle.

State governments are revealed as low-ballers on a host of long-term investments in infrastructure and network resiliency, only to be superceded by the federal government's enduring penchant for unfunded mandates.

Federal relief agencies are revealed as surprisingly incoherent in their "coordinated response," begging the question, How many 9/11-like shocks must there be before Washington gets its lines of authority straight?

The military, which has gone to untold lengths to brag every chance it can since 9/11 that homeland security is job #1, still seems to be under the impression that it requires an engraved invitation from a Constitutional Congress to get off its collective ass and respond rapidly to a domestic emergency.

And perhaps most damaging of all, the Bush Administration is revealedyet againas strangely incapable of grabbing the bull by the horn when disaster strikes, as though such leadership is only to be summoned once it becomes a public relations damage-control function.

Sad to say, the best-working aspect of the emergency response to date has been the mediathe MEDIA for crying out loud!

A lot of long-held biases are likewise revealed.

The Fed's tendency to wait until local and state resources are depleted or overwhelmed is revealed as hopelessly antiquated in this connected age. By then, too much damage is irreversible and a long-term recovery is locked-in. This is a national emergency, not some bureaucratic means test. The "I'm-with-stupid" approach to chain of command just doesn't cut it when disaster strikes

The military's strong bias against involving itself with civilian situations reveals itself as a weird sort of inability to take charge in situations that naturally demand it. For a culture that prizes decisiveness in challenging, austere environments, the military tends to tip-toe around whenever it's called into action domestically--talking a big game but never leading. I mean, where's the cigar-chomping general who couldn't give a rat's ass about pissing off the locals because he's got a job to do and he doesn't take no for an answer. Because wherever he is, he's missing his best chance to jump-start a presidential run in 2008.

[Then I wake up this morning (3 Sept) in my hotel room to find: a) a small, strangely cuddly Chinese female in my bed; and b) a cigarette-smoking, casually "Goddam'ing" African-American Lt. Gen with a Cajun-sounding name (Honore) doing a Patton-like tirade on a street-corner (can anyone say, "Answer Man"?), screaming at soldiers to put their weapons down and ordering trucks around like he's really pissed off, which is good, because we need a public face for "pissed off" instead of the happy-glad stuff from Laura and Bush uttering "adequate" over and over and over again. Because, you know what? Babies dying from dehydration and old women slumped dead in their wheelchairs isn't "adequate."]

The usual bias of the two political parties is revealed all too predictably: the Republicans look incapable of caring and the Democrats look incapable of leadingexcept in correctly pointing out their opponents' odd detachment from a sense of personal responsibility. Good God, the Bush people look almost startled that the country expects them to lead!

...

Finger-pointing is all directions has already begun, with the vast majority of these heat-seeking missiles naturally coming round to President Bush himself, who remains white-hot from the emotional scorching put on him recently by Cindy Sheehan, in what can only be described as the revenge of Michael Moore (don't tell me you don't see the similarities between her quest and Moore's breakthrough documentary "Roger and Me"). You'd think his handlers would have learned from "Fahrenheit 9/11" that silence is deadly when it comes from leaders who hesitate to lead at moments of obvious crisis.

Honestly, that crew makes Jon Stewart's job such a frickin' cakewalk that the man should send his Peabody's to the White House as a thank-you.

The presidential election of 2008 began on Tuesdayfor all of you who didn't pick up on that. Bush's second term ("Oh why does America ever bet on sequels!" the self-righteous blogger types furiously as his "vol. II" is being printed in vast numbers this very day) is now cast irretrievably as a two-and-a-half-year effort to live down its past mistakes: the systematic alienation of allies from day one, the tax cuts, the lack of peace in Iraq (andsadly but not justifiablythe war in Iraq by extension), and now this. We are witnessing the earliest onset of post-presidency ever.

And that's more than bad, it's tragic. Bush's instinct for action and leadership is his best quality, but he seems often to put it on the shelf in a strange sort of blind trust in the people he picks for positions of leadership around him. Frankly, other than Rummy and a few of his direct managers, I don't think I'd pick any of the rest of this administration's senior people for my team. They're just plain mediocre, despite all the past job titles. There simply isn't much imagination with this crowd: they know what to cut but not what to add. I don't anticipate any initiatives worth mentioning from this bunch absent Rummy's continued push to revamp the Pentagon. The rest, including Rice, just seem to be treading water. Rove seems lost now that he's won Bush's re-election. The ambition just isn't there any more (Remember the big push on Social Security? Won't that be a great Trivial Pursuit question years from now?). Instead, Bush looks increasingly uncomfortable, like the dog that caught the car. He has his second term, besting the old man, but all that seems to have gotten him is the resurrection of the ambivalent, rather aimless politician he was so often accused of being in the past.

American Essay: WAITING FOR THE TALKING POINTS not much word yet from conservative pundits on Katrina
The rich history of New Orleans
Definition of Force majeure:

Force majeure (French for "greater force") is a common clause in contracts which essentially frees one or both parties from liabilities when an extraordinary event beyond the control of the parties, such as flood, war, riots, acts of God, et cetera prevents one or both parties from fulfilling their obligations under the contract.

Under international law it refers to an irresistible force or unforeseen event, beyond the control of a State making it materially impossible to fulfill an international obligation. Force majeure precludes an international act from being wrongful, where it otherwise would have been.

Fire Michael Brown, to do otherwise is immoderate
Doc Searls has some great pointers to the blog-ohs-fear
Viewpoint: Has Katrina saved US media?
Broussard: "We have been abandoned by our own country." and here:

MR. BROUSSARD:  I'm telling you most importantly I want to thank my public employees...

MR. RUSSERT:  All right.

MR. BROUSSARD:  ...that have worked 24/7.  They're burned out, the doctors, the nurses.  And I want to give you one last story and I'll shut up and let you tell me whatever you want to tell me.  The guy who runs this building I'm in, emergency management, he's responsible for everything.  His mother was trapped in St. Bernard nursing home and every day she called him and said, "Are you coming, son?  Is somebody coming?"  And he said, "Yeah, Mama, somebody's coming to get you.  Somebody's coming to get you on Tuesday. Somebody's coming to get you on Wednesday.  Somebody's coming to get you on Thursday.  Somebody's coming to get you on Friday."  And she drowned Friday night.  She drowned Friday night.

MR. RUSSERT:  Mr. President...

MR. BROUSSARD:  Nobody's coming to get us.  Nobody's coming to get us.  The secretary has promised.  Everybody's promised.  They've had press conferences. I'm sick of the press conferences.  For God sakes, shut up and send us somebody.


Another NO Story from the inside on DailyKosMore Katrina LinksThe Moorpark Packers website: (www.moorparkpackers.com) has gotten a facelift. Devon is helping work on the PHP backend, I did the minimal styling, and Tony and Ty are on one of the actual teams. It's a family affair.

In a few days it should even be the #1 hit for a search on google for moorpark packers, since we ditched the HTML frames layout.

Kudos to Dev for learning on the job some pretty fun PHP/MySQL programming. I'm very proud of his work.Moorpark PackersEMS &amp; Hurricane Katrina: Hurricane Katrina - Our Experiences:


We also suspect the media will have been inundated with "hero" images of the National Guard, the troops and the police struggling to help the "victims" of the Hurricane. What you will not see, but what we witnessed,were the real heroes and sheroes of the hurricane relief effort: the working class of New

Orleans. The maintenance workers who used a fork lift to carry the sick and disabled. The engineers, who rigged, nurtured and kept the generators running. The electricians who improvised thick extension cords stretching over blocks to share the little electricity we had in order to free cars stuck on rooftop parking lots. Nurses who took over for mechanical ventilators and spent many hours on end manually forcing air into the lungs of unconscious patients to keep them alive. Doormen who rescued folks stuck in elevators. Refinery workers who broke into boat yards, "stealing" boats to rescue their neighbors clinging to their roofs in flood waters. Mechanics who helped hot-wire any car that could be found to ferry people out of the City. And the food service workers who scoured the commercial kitchens improvising communal meals for hundreds of those stranded.


The many hours of manual ventilation, that is, breathing for someone with a bag like these, reminds me of my RT days.Breathing for People Blame Game, Set and Match


On Saturday, August 27, 2005 -- two days before Hurricane Katrina made landfall -- President George W. Bush assumed responsibility for the coordination of "all disaster relief efforts" in the State of Louisiana. This is the specific, undisputed language of Bush's declaration of a State of Emergency, issued that day by the White House, and still available for viewing on the White House website. The responsibility for coordinating all disaster relief efforts in New Orleans clearly rested with the White House. Despite all the post-disaster spin by the Bush Faction and its sycophants, despite all the earnest media analyses, the lines of authority are clear and indisputable. Here is the voice of George W. Bush himself, in the proclamation issued in his name, over his signature on Saturday, August 27, 2005:

"The President today declared an emergency exists in the State of Louisiana and ordered Federal aid to supplement state and local response efforts in the parishes located in the path of Hurricane Katrina beginning on August 26, 2005, and continuing. The President's action authorizes the Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), to coordinate all disaster relief efforts which have the purpose of alleviating the hardship and suffering caused by the emergency on the local population, and to provide appropriate assistance for required emergency measures"

Bush goes on to say: "Specifically, FEMA is authorized to identify, mobilize, and provide at its discretion, equipment and resources necessary to alleviate the impacts of the emergency."
White House authorized FEMA on 27 Aug 05An email from my friend Susan, about a friend of hers who is doing great work at the Astrodome:


A friend of mine, Will Reed, runs a program in Houston that sets up community tech centers.  When Will heard that evacuees were coming to town, he immediately went to work to set up a tech center in the Astrodome.  He worked the phones (Will is good at that!) and got donations, equipment and volunteers.  It was operational by Saturday Sept 3rd with 90 computers and WiFi.  They've helped thousands of people post "I'm OK" messages and try to track down their families. Another friend, Gene Crick, is doing a similar effort in Austin.  If you read Will's blog & notice when messages are posted, you'll see that he's working from 5 in the morning to 11 at night.  But what they're doing is amazing and heartbreaking.

http://www.texasctcs.blogspot.com/

Will, YOU ROCK and I want everyone to know it.  I'm so proud of you!!


Awesome stuff.Will Reed and Astrodome InternetNew Orleans: A Geopolitical Prize (Stratfor):

...it was geography -- the extraordinary system of rivers that flowed through the Midwest and allowed them to ship their surplus to the rest of the world. All of the rivers flowed into one -- the Mississippi -- and the Mississippi flowed to the ports in and around one city: New Orleans. It was in New Orleans that the barges from upstream were unloaded and their cargos stored, sold and reloaded on ocean-going vessels. Until last Sunday, New Orleans was, in many ways, the pivot of the American economy.

For that reason, the Battle of New Orleans in January 1815 was a key moment in American history. Even though the battle occurred after the War of 1812 was over, had the British taken New Orleans, we suspect they wouldn't have given it back. Without New Orleans, the entire Louisiana Purchase would have been valueless to the United States. Or, to state it more precisely, the British would control the region because, at the end of the day, the value of the Purchase was the land and the rivers - which all converged on the Mississippi and the ultimate port of New Orleans. The hero of the battle was Andrew Jackson, and when he became president, his obsession with Texas had much to do with keeping the Mexicans away from New Orleans.

During the Cold War, a macabre topic of discussion among bored graduate students who studied such things was this: If the Soviets could destroy one city with a large nuclear device, which would it be? The usual answers were Washington or New York. For me, the answer was simple: New Orleans. If the Mississippi River was shut to traffic, then the foundations of the economy would be shattered. The industrial minerals needed in the factories wouldn't come in, and the agricultural wealth wouldn't flow out. Alternative routes really weren't available. The Germans knew it too: A U-boat campaign occurred near the mouth of the Mississippi during World War II.

...

It follows from this that the port will have to be revived and, one would assume, the city as well. The ports around New Orleans are located as far north as they can be and still be accessed by ocean-going vessels. The need for ships to be able to pass each other in the waterways, which narrow to the north, adds to the problem. Besides, the Highway 190 bridge in Baton Rouge blocks the river going north. New Orleans is where it is for a reason: The United States needs a city right there.

New Orleans is not optional for the United States' commercial infrastructure. It is a terrible place for a city to be located, but exactly the place where a city must exist. With that as a given, a city will return there because the alternatives are too devastating. The harvest is coming, and that means that the port will have to be opened soon. As in Iraq, premiums will be paid to people prepared to endure the hardships of working in New Orleans. But in the end, the city will return because it has to.


The whole thing is worth a read.New Orleans Must BeA beautiful song, so simple, so serene:

TAKING TIGER MOUNTAIN
Brian Eno.

We climbed and we climbed,
Oh, how we climbed
My, how
We climbed
Over the stars
To top
Tiger Mountain
Forcing the lines through the snow.

We climbed and we climbed,
Oh, how we climbed
My, how
We climbed
Over the stars
To top
Tiger Mountain
Forcing the lines through the snow.


It's been a trying week. Back out of hibernation next week.Lyrics of the WeekIn Zappa news... Zappa Chess Engine

Zappa is not named for the great Frank Zappa, or at least not directly. Frank rather quixotically named his daughter "Moon Unit", and Mike Myers used this in Austin Powers 2: there is a scene where Dr. Evil talks about how he has divided his moon base into "Moon Unit Alpha" and "Moon Unit Zappa". I had just finished reading a book by Bruce Pandolfini, "Chess Openings: Traps and Zaps", and I thought that Zappa had a nice sound to it. I have never actually listened to a single song of Frank, although I am quite fond of several of his quotes.


via robotwisdomZappa Chess EngineYeah, no posts in a while eh? Latest bit of interestingness is the cake I made for Alex's birthday:



White cake, raspberry filling, and powdered sugar icing.

The ribs are made from white chocolate.

Sculpted by Joe.

It was a lot of work, but very fun.

More later this week.Guts CakeCleaning out the hard drive, from March, 2000:


*EMPLOYEE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND INVENTIONS AGREEMENT *

Bidland.com, Inc.
3990 Ruffin Road
San Diego, CA  92123

The following confirms an agreement between bidland.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and *Name (referred to in this agreement as I or me). I understand that this agreement is a material part of the consideration for my employment with the Company:

1.   Proprietary Information. I understand that the Company possesses and will possess Proprietary Information which is important to its business. For purposes of this Agreement, Proprietary Information is information that was or will be developed, created, or discovered by or on behalf of the Company, or which became or will become known by, or was or is conveyed to the Company, which has commercial value in the Companys business. Proprietary Information includes, without limitation, information (whether conveyed orally or in writing) about algorithms, application programming interfaces, protocols, trade secrets, computer software, designs, technology, ideas, know-how, products, services, processes, data, techniques, improvements, inventions (whether patentable or not), works of authorship, business and product development plans, the salaries and terms of compensation of other employees, customer lists and other information concerning the Companys actual or anticipated business, research or development, or which is received in confidence by or for the Company from any other person. I understand that my employment creates a relationship of confidence and trust between me and the Company with respect to Proprietary Information.


I don't remember anything from bidland's technology other than that they had their own in-house templating language and that every transaction with the (Oracle) database was handled in stored procedures that the DBA wrote.

Bidland has not existed for several years.Archaeology: EMPLOYEE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND INVENTIONS AGREEMENTThe nicknames that never were (for me), from 2000. From the crew that hung out on AOL chatting trivia and whatnot.


ArtViedersehn
ArtMum
ArtFess
ArtNaturale
ArtSafety
ArtTip
ArtDuck
ArtJovi
ArtPhile
ArtDeco
ArtHowl
ArtLunar
Art*'s that Never Were

I'm a big fan of Halloween.

In 1991 or so I won a costume college (I was either first or second place out of maybe 2 dozen or so health science students at CHRV College of Health Sciences).

The other day I posted the "guts cake," which I submit as evidence of liking Halloween.

Funny enough, I'm not a big fan of scary movies. I don't really care for horror movies unless MST3K is making fun of them. I did like _Shaun of the Dead_, but in general, not so much.

I'm rambling.

The image above is a bad colorization of a scan from a college yearbook. The yearbook is from 1991, the colorization was me doing PhotoShop for a class at UCLA Extension in 1995. It's not great colorization. These days I'm much better.

Hmm.

Today was not so great. Plenty busy all around, feeling choked by work.

Let me say that Leah rocks my socks off. She's on the verge of being the best project manager I ever worked with _ever_. And I've worked with some great ones. Also terrible ones. _Terrible_ ones.

Okay, enough rambling.Joker Joe 1991This wonderful set of posts deflates "Web 2.0 Hype&trade;", reinforces the awesomeness of those folks (like EVDB) who are working to remake the web to actually *use* these wonderful syndication tools and browser technologies to the fullest extent: Part I, Part II.

_Backstory:_ I've actually met both Andy Baio (briefly) and Brian Dear (less briefly, we had lunch once. Smart fellow and a nice guy.) and have read them for a while. I think both Upcoming and EVDB are kickass tech.

And if you hadn't noticed, this post was for geeks.Go Read Brian Dear

I guess I'm making up for lost time.

The Lincoln Memorial is by far my favorite place in Washington, D.C.

I can't not cry when I turn to the right and read Lincoln's great words, his second inaugural address. This bit, among others, always slays me:


The progress of our arms, upon which all else chiefly depends, is as well known to the public as to myself, and it is, I trust, reasonably satisfactory and encouraging to all. With high hope for the future, no prediction in regard to it is ventured.


The Civil War is raging, and the war _must_ be won or the United States of America will not ever be the same, and the President broaches no prediction? What act of humility and realism was this? Sure, there was no live coverage from C-SPAN, but the words would be in the paper. What a different time that was. My wish is for a return to such statesmanship.Lincoln Memorial, 1990 or so.Chicken suits on _Lost_ and _The West Wing_.
Mentions of Grand Guignol on both robotwisdom and _The West Wing_.
Ice cream in my hand and on _The West Wing_ within 10 minutes.

If I were a tinfoil hat wearer I'd say that TWW were trying to send me a message over the past three days.

_Naaaaaaaaaah._

Well, maybe.Synchronicity & The West Wing

And I played around with these experimental photos after scanning them into PhotoShop.

If you're counting, that means I have TEN years of experience in PhotoShop.

I love the Cove very much.

It feels like I still have much to learn, still.Me @ La Jolla Cove, 1995A list I kept of stuff I liked. Why? Don't ask me! I'm the 35 year old version of me. Now I do this sort of stuff on the website. Heck, why am I posting this here?

Well, it's fun.


*Movies*
The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai
After Hours
Aliens
All The President's Men
The Big Red One
The Birds
Blade Runner
Blow Out
The Blues Brothers
Body Double
Brazil
Breaking Away
Bringing Up Baby
Broadway Danny Rose
Chinatown
Dr. Strangelove, Or How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love The Bomb
Dressed To Kill
Hannah & Her Sisters
Heaven
Home of the Brave
The Hustler
Jaws
Killing Fields
Lost In America
M*A*S*H
Mister Roberts
My Dinner With Andre
My Life as a Dog
Papillon
Patton
Platoon
Purple Rose Of Cairo
Raising Arizona
Rashomon
Rear Window
Repo Man
Roxanne
Seven Year Itch
Sleeper
Stalag 17
Star Wars Trilogy
Star Wars
The Empire Strikes Back
Return Of The Jedi
The Sting
Stop Making Sense
Swimming To Cambodia
Take The Money And Run
Top Secret!
True Stories
2001: a space odyssey
2010: odyssey two
Wait Until Dark
Walk Proud
Witness

*TV Shows*
Batman
The Bob Newhart Show
Connections
Day the Universe Changed
The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd
Evening at the Improv
Frontline
The Frugal Gourmet
Hill Street Blues
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Jeopardy!
L.A. Law
ULate Night with David Letterman
Leave It To Beaver
McLaughlin Group
The Mary Tyler Moore Show
M*A*S*H
Max Headroom
Monty Python's Flying Circus
Moonlighting
Newhart
Night Court
Nova
This Old House
Perry Mason
Police Squad
St. Elsewhere
Saturday Night Live (in syndication)
Speed Racer
Star Blazers
Star Trek
Story of English
Soul Train
Tales from the Darkside
Taxi
Twilight Zone

*Comic Books*
Batman: Year One
Concrete
Dark Knight
Elektra: Assassin
Green Arrow: The Longbow Hunters
Lone Wolf and Cub
Mage: The Hero Discovered
Ronin
Swamp Thing
Tales of the Beanworld
Watchmen

*Comedians*
Dan Aykroyd
Woody Allen
John Belushi
A. Whitney Brown
Bobcat Goldthwaith
Sam Kinison
David Letterman
Dennis Miller
Bob Newhart
Mort Sahl
Robin Williams
Stephen Wright

*Artists (Comic & Otherwise)*
John Bolton
Berke Breathed
Art Crawford
Chris Greazel
Matt Groening
Larry Marder
David Mazzuchelli
Frank Miller
Patrick Nagel
Jackson Pollack
Robert Rauschenberg
James Rosenquist
Charles Russell
Bill Sienkewicz
Andy Warhol
Frank Lloyd Wright
Vincent Van Gogh
Digital Archaeology: Favorites List, 1990sLovely day today. Swap Meet in Goleta (just outside Santa Barbara), then a trip to Fry's in Oxnard. Lovely day.

Lyrics of the day, via an ancient mix tape by my friend Erin:


Cemetery Gates, by The Smiths

A dreaded sunny day
So I meet you at the cemetery gates
Keats and Yeats are on your side
A dreaded sunny day
So I meet you at the cemetery gates
Keats and Yeats are on your side
While Wilde is on mine

So we go inside and we gravely read the stones
All those people all those lives
Where are they now?
With loves, with hates
And passions just like mine
They were born
And then they lived
And then they died
Which seems so unfair
And I want to cry
Lyrics of the DayClick hereZombie JoeIt's raining like a big dog out here.

Last night we had a flash flood of ants show up in the kitchen. Literally, one minute, no ants, and 10 minutes later they were making a beeline for the potted plants on the bartop above the sink.

Wait, can ants make a beeline?

Anyway, we dispatched the ants tout suite.

We keep getting eruptions of ants, for a while we had them coming up through the drain in the dishwasher! We poured vinegar down there, then later bleach, then more soap. Eventually they stopped. We're pretty much sick of the ants. Though it could be worse -- namely -- mice or roaches. I suppose we're lucky with regard to varmints.

But it's raining again, I think it rained all night. It's nice, though a bit chilly.

Busy lately. Not enough sleep. But things are pretty good. I should have news soon on some things. Not much news for now though.

For now, rain.Rain & VarmintsASP.net, disgruntled clients, ungruntled clients, flooding, Blue Angels overhead, trips to hairdresser, ants that come and go, trashcans that need bringing in, job resignation, new free metal desk, SQL Server, OO PHP4, shopping carts, new MySQL databases, exporting JPEGs, lack of a whiteboard, couch-sleeping.

It's a good day, but another busy one.Stray ThursdaynessFound Object of the Daymissewon sent me this link: Talking Heads DualDisc Brick:


The first complete artist catalog released on DualDisc! This specially packed boxed set contains all eight of Talking Heads' studio albums, expanded and remastered as two-sided DualDiscs featuring audiophile DVD-A sound, rare and previously unreleased material, and video tracks. Packaging includes an outer white molded plastic box with raised song titles, housing eight individually packaged white jewel cases, each containing liner notes, rare photos, and song-inspired art pieces.

Formed in New York in the mid-'70s by David Byrne, Chris Franz, Tina Weymouth, and ex-Modern Lover Jerry Harrison, Talking Heads transcended their humble CBGB beginnings to become one of the most adventurous and influential bands of all time. Their visionary, polyrhythmic stew combined funk and punk with African beats, avant-garde minimalism, and pure pop. From their 1977 debut to their Brian Eno-produced classics to their 1988 swan song, Naked, Talking Heads consistently pushed creative boundaries while delivering smart radio hits like "Once In A Lifetime," "Burning Down The House," and "Wild Wild Life." In 2002 the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


I have no idea how I would even play a DVD-A. But that's definitely something I'd like to have in the distant future. Real distant.Talking Heads Superfan ThingI've really become attached to Steely Dan of late. And the site Steely Dan Dictionary has become a favorite, explicating such vagaries as "Black Cow" and "Muswellbrook" and "Cobalt Cigarettes" and "Kirschwasser" and "Mizar Five."

I just love that I can get all the Steely Dan lyrics I want from SteelyDan.com.


We'll jog with show folk on the sand
Drink kirschwasser from a shell
San Francisco show and tell
Well I should know by now
That it's just a spasm
Like a Sunday in T.J.
That it's cheap but it's not free
That I'm not what I used to be
And that love's not a game for three



It's Sunday Morning.
You sure have changed since yesterday.
Without any warning.



Everyday is like Sunday.
Everyday is silent and grey.



Sunday, Bloody Sunday.
How long...
How long must we sing this song?
How long? how long...



Sunday Papers.
Read all about it!
Sunday papers.


Have a great day, you.Steely Dan DictionaryDon't ... Jewel
Don't Be Sad ... Dwight Yoakam
Don't Believe The Hype ... Public Enemy
Don't Break the Heart ... Mono Puff
Don't Bring Me Down ... Paul Shaffer
Don't Cha (featuring Busta Rhymes) [Radio Edit] ... The Pussycat Dolls & Busta Rhymes
Don't Cha Stop ... The Cars
Don't Change Your Plans ... Ben Folds Five
Don't Come Around Here No More ... Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Don't Cross The River ... America
Don't Cry No Tears (Live) ... Matthew Sweet
Don't Do Me Like That ... Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Don't Dream It's Over ... Paul Shaffer
Don't Eat The Yellow Snow ... Frank Zappa
Don't Ever Dance With Maria ... Brave Combo
Don't Fade Away ... Dead Can Dance
Don't Fear the Reaper ... Sifl & Olly
Don't Get 2 Close (2 My Fantasy) ... Ween
Don't Give Up (w/Kate Bush) ... Peter Gabriel
Don't Go ... Matthew Sweet
Don't I Have the Right? ... Mono Puff
Don't Know How To Party ... The Mighty Mighty Bosstones
Don't Know Why ... Kostars
Don't Know Why ... Norah Jones
Don't Know Why (Live/Leno) ... Norah Jones
Don't Laugh (I Love You) ... Ween
Don't Let's Start ... They Might Be Giants
Don't Let's Start (Demo Version) ... They Might Be Giants
Don't Let's Start (Single Mix) ... They Might Be Giants
Don't Look Back ... Luscious Jackson
Don't Lose Your Mind ... Miles Davis
Don't Make Me Love You ... Christina Aguilera
Don't Marry Her ... The Beautiful South
Don't Panic ... Coldplay
Don't Ruin Our Happy Home ... Randy Newman
Don't Speak ... No Doubt
Don't Stand So Close To Me ... The Police
Don't Stand So Close To Me '86 ... The Police
Don't Stop ... Fleetwood Mac
Don't Stop Swaying ... Sophie B. Hawkins
Don't Stop The Dance ... Bryan Ferry
Don't Stop The Rock ... Chemical Brothers
Don't Stop To Watch The Wheels ... The Doobie Brothers
Don't Sweat It ... Ween
Don't Take Me Alive ... Steely Dan
Don't Take Me Alive (6/9/00, San Diego) ... Steely Dan
Don't Talk ... 10,000 Maniacs
Don't Talk (Put Your Head on My Shoulder) ... The Beach Boys
Don't Tell Me ... Blancmange
Don't Think I'm Not ... Kandi
Don't Think Twice, It's All Right ... Bryan Ferry
Don't Try To Explain ... Keb' Mo'
Don't Want To Be A Part Of Your World ... David Byrne
Don't Want To Know ... Bryan Ferry
Don't Worry About The Government ... Talking Heads
Don't Worry Baby ... The Beach Boys
Don't Worry Baby ... Los Lobos
Don't You Ever Wash That Thing? ... Frank ZappaCurrent iTunes Playlist: "Don't"New things are afoot, dear readers. New things.

Some newness: There's now an Apple Store about 20 minutes away. Huzzah!

Had some coffee this morning. Time to get to work. Rock on!New RegimeLeah and I launched Laser Tats at lasertats.com the other day.



What are Laser Tats? They're laser etched drawings and words that can be put on virtually any surface, but primarily everything having to do with Motorcycles -- "timer covers, derby covers, horn covers, gas caps, battery covers, switch housings, chrome oil tanks, mirrors, dash panels, lenses, etc., and leather seat covers and leather saddlebags"

Cool, eh? Contact them for information about what they can mark on your ride.
LaserTats.com: Custom Engraving on your MotorcycleThat's what I'm on, too.

I love their mission, which is sadly bound up in This flash movie.

I like it so much here it is, transcribed:

STOQ Mission:


1. Integration of Science and Human Values

The double goal of the STOQ project is to contribute, through the Academic activities (teaching and research) of its partners:

To the advancement of science, in order to stress its compatibility with the highest moral values, and in view of encouraging the new generations - particularly sensitive today to the humanistic implications of science - to embrace the scientific study, research and work.
To the reinforcement of the connections between Science, Philosophy and Theology, in order to testify that the ultimate finality of science is humanity and its whole welfare, of which essential components are the intellectual, the ethical and the religious elevation of each human person.

2. Science-Religion Relationship
All the Partners of the STOQ Project share, within the common Christian faith, some basic ideas as to the role of Science in its relationship with Religion.
The main shared convictions are:

That Science should serve the cause of progress and of humanity, in the whole sense of these two terms.
That the human destiny in the universe is the most important quest, and to clarify this point is the ultimate goal not only of Religion, but also of Science, in their unending search for truth.

Humans are indeed part of the universe, and the universe receives its sense by the presence of intelligent agents in it, such as humans are, for a precise willing of God, the Creator.

3. Science, Truth, Freedom

The project is thus deeply embedded in this framework, recently and authoritatively brought newly to the attention of all mankind by two Encyclical Letters of the Pope John Paul II: Veritatis Splendor (Truth Splendour) and Fides et Ratio (Faith and Reason) [Both are freely downloadable from the Vatican site]

The Veritatis splendor[1] affirms that the depths of the human heart there always remains yearning for absolute truth and a thirst to attain full knowledge of it. This is eloquently proved by man's tireless search for knowledge in all fields. It is proved even more by his search for the meaning of life.

For that reason, the Catholic Church stresses that ethics is the ultimate dimension of education. In fact, the Church knows [3] that is precisely on the path of the moral life that the way of salvation is open to all.

The Veritatis Splendor[34] affirms also the dependence of freedom on truth. Hence, Reason and free will are linked with all the bodily and sense faculties. The person, including the body, is completely entrusted to himself, and it is the unity of body and soul that the person is subject to his own moral acts. [48]

The other encyclical letter, Fides et Ratio [1], stresses from the beginning that the fundamental questions which pervade human life [are]: Who am I? Where have I come from and where am I going? Why is there evil? What is there after this life?.

This means that, &raquo;Reason and faith cannot be separated without diminishing the capacity of men and women to know themselves, the world and God in an appropriate way.&laquo; [16]

Thereafter, the encyclical letters points out in [18] some basic rules that should be observed:

a. The first of these rules is that reason must realize that human knowledge is a journey which allows no rest.

b. The second rule stems from the awareness that such a path is not for the proud who think that everything is the fruit of personal conquest.

c. The third rule is grounded in the &quot;fear of God&quot; whose transcendent sovereignty and provident love in the governance of the world reason must recognize.

The importance of science is stressed in [25] as follows All human beings desire to know and truth is the proper object of this desire. Everyday life shows how concerned each of us is to discover for ourselves, beyond mere opinions, how things really are. Within visible creation, man is the only creature who not only is capable of knowing but who knows he knows, and is therefore interested in the real truth of what he perceives. [...] It is rightly claimed that persons have reached adulthood when they can distinguish independently between truth and falsehood, making up their own minds about the objective reality of things. This is what has driven so many enquiries, especially in the scientific field, which in recent centuries have produced important results, leading to genuine progress for all humanity.

4. Morality and Scientific Precision

The morality of the scientific research both in natural sciences and the humanistic disciplines implies before all the use of a rigorous method in both fields. Only at this prices the interdisciplinary dialogue among them can produce effective and durable results.

In other terms, a fruitful dialogue among scientists, philosophers, and theologians for the common goal of the whole humanity welfare, implies a strong effort of clarification of the different ontologies in which they operate, as well as *a rigorous definition of the relationships among such ontologies.

This essential statement summarizes the methodology we follow in our Project, as it is exemplified in the title of our Project and its logo.


See also: stoqnet.org; Veritatis Splendor Encyclical Letter; Fides et Ratio Encyclical Letter


Why am I transcribing this? because it's in the news:


A Vatican cardinal said Thursday the faithful should listen to what secular modern science has to offer, warning that religion risks turning into "fundamentalism" if it ignores scientific reason.

Cardinal Paul Poupard, who heads the Pontifical Council for Culture, made the comments at a news conference on a Vatican project to help end the "mutual prejudice" between religion and science that has long bedeviled the Roman Catholic Church and is part of the evolution debate in the United States.

The Vatican project was inspired by Pope John Paul II's 1992 declaration that the church's 17th-century denunciation of Galileo was an error resulting from "tragic mutual incomprehension." Galileo was condemned for supporting Nicolaus Copernicus' discovery that the Earth revolved around the sun; church teaching at the time placed Earth at the center of the universe.

"The permanent lesson that the Galileo case represents pushes us to keep alive the dialogue between the various disciplines, and in particular between theology and the natural sciences, if we want to prevent similar episodes from repeating themselves in the future," Poupard said.

But he said science, too, should listen to religion.

"We know where scientific reason can end up by itself: the atomic bomb and the possibility of cloning human beings are fruit of a reason that wants to free itself from every ethical or religious link," he said.

"But we also know the dangers of a religion that severs its links with reason and becomes prey to fundamentalism," he said.

"The faithful have the obligation to listen to that which secular modern science has to offer, just as we ask that knowledge of the faith be taken in consideration as an expert voice in humanity."

Poupard and others at the news conference were asked about the religion-science debate raging in the United States over evolution and "intelligent design."

Intelligent design's supporters argue that natural selection, an element of evolutionary theory, cannot fully explain the origin of life or the emergence of highly complex life forms.

Monsignor Gianfranco Basti, director of the Vatican project STOQ, or Science, Theology and Ontological Quest, reaffirmed John Paul's 1996 statement that evolution was "more than just a hypothesis."

"A hypothesis asks whether something is true or false," he said. "(Evolution) is more than a hypothesis because there is proof."

He was asked about comments made in July by Austrian Cardinal Christoph Schoenborn, who dismissed in a New York Times article the 1996 statement by John Paul as "rather vague and unimportant" and seemed to back intelligent design.

Basti concurred that John Paul's 1996 letter "is not a very clear expression from a definition point of view," but he said evolution was assuming ever more authority as scientific proof develops.

Poupard, for his part, stressed that what was important was that "the universe wasn't made by itself, but has a creator." But he added, "It's important for the faithful to know how science views things to understand better."

The Vatican project STOQ has organized academic courses and conferences on the relationship between science and religion and is hosting its first international conference on "the infinity in science, philosophy and theology," next week.
Science, Theology, and the Ontological QuestThe following is an email about music I sent to my good pal Erin last week or so. We were contemplating the role of music now, in the past, "top artists" list, and more.

When I showed this to Leah, she said she missed me writing this way.

It's been edited just a little to make it a bit more sensible and palatable to a public audience:


EW,

I have known you since I was 18 years old and I hope I know you till I'm 81 (at least).

That's apropos of nothing.

Funny we're talking about music. I find myself connecting with my kids (yo! I have kids and actually feel paternal towards them!) through music. There's something really amazing about playing They Might Be Giants to the boys and having them respond so positively. Something bout being able to have Dev bring up some artist, or some style, and I can immediately iTunes up something from my collections and he'll go "how'd you do that so fast ?!?" ... all incredulous.

The other day on a drive to Santa Barbara I played tapes from a million years ago. One of the mix tapes you made (for you, and a copy for me): Coffee House Ministry. The song Valley Vista was having all kinds of new meanings for me.

I'm not really answering your question. But I'm feeling philosophical for some reason. I'm probably embracing in a new way all these changes I've taken on. I enjoy them. They scare the sh*t out of me, but I really love them, and myself, and my family. And if I haven't mentioned it, I love you E. I think about you, and you've had a big influence on me. I think besides my uncle, you're the first person I met who made me really think it was cool to be way into music, to care about what matters. It's something about living an aesthetic life. Something about looking for things that move you.

Right now Leah's (and I suppose my) niece is staying with us. She's 19 and nearly 20 and plays piano and guitar beautifully. she plays some standards or Fiona Apple or Joan Osbourne's "What If God Was One Of Us" and it's so moving. It's a view and experience of music I never thought I'd have. Devon plays alto sax and piano and more. Tony, all of 11, plays tenor sax in the middle school band and digs it. Alex loves to sing along to bad R&B on the radio. Music has so changed for me. Last Christmas Leah's family went to a hall (a Mormon church hall as it happens) and sang Christmas carols. And they/we sounded pretty good. Like I said, a view of music I never considered.

This is the kind of thing that I understand when I read Zappa quotes about how important music is... about how live music is so wonderful. It's what I love about Stew, a music artist who I actually have met in person, who I think is a genius, and knows me well enough to ask me to make a blog and a powerpoint template for him. It's demystified the "star" aspect of musical fandom, but it's reinforced my admiration for those with talent, and for the ability of sound to move me.

The other night I saw an old Moz video. _Sing your life_. I played that song for Leah a long time ago - put it on a mix CD for her. She loves it. It says it all man. It makes me feel like crying. I'm pretty sure the first time I heard that song it was on a Mix tape that you sent me when I had moved away.

_"Make no mistake my friend your pointless life will end
So sing your life"_

Effing A.

I mean, seriously. That is what music is for me now. It's some kind of affirmation. Not that I only like positive "up with people" stuff. I love dark Steely Dan stuff. The resonances of a song about a breakup, say "Black Cow" --

"I can't cry anymore
While you run around
Break away
Just when it
Seems so clear
That it's
Over now
Drink your big black cow
And get out of here"

I mean, dang, I know what a breakup is now. I mean I _really_ do. And the music filters through that, amplifying it.

I suppose this is why my Mom loves Sinatra - she's picking up on some kind of complexity of a singer singing from some place of life experience. A richness of performance comes from the depth of emotion running behind it.

To your question about keeping up with music today... I have no idea how to keep up with new music. I don't and can't. I mean, I could, but I don't. I hear things on the radio and they sometimes interest me, but it's really the exception.

The only band I have a strong following for now is Stew and The Negro Problem. I get everything I can of them. Everything else seems to be secondary. I listen to my existing stuff mostly.

And as for halls of fame, or most "whatever" lists, I think I just don't buy it. Art is too important to be categorized. For some people, Rush is like this huge band for them, it's not for me, tho maybe someday it will be. I nevery thought I'd be a completist Steely Dan fan, but I am now. I'm most interested in bands which have some kind of unique longevity, complex musicality, and great lyrics. Zappa qualifies, but so do TMBG and Steely Dan, and Randy Newman too. Many
others qualify, Moz, Prince, Ben Folds.

I still get excited about a good record store though. Amoeba gets me off. But that's a special treat which does not happen often. Random trips to Tower don't happen for me much.

Hmm. Now that was a rant, EW.

Fun to put this stuff on paper, as it were.

- JX


"Information is not knowledge.
Knowledge is not wisdom.
Wisdom is not truth.
Truth is not beauty.
Beauty is not love.
Love is not music.
Music is THE BEST."
- Frank Zappa

"Music is the best."I had meant to post this some time ago, and have managed not to for, oh, about a year. Herewith, a tale from the bowels of the metropolitan region...


Leah and I had just moved to the L.A. area. It was during all that rain, not that that matters. I was taking advantage of the free WiFi at Burger King and at the local public library. We were living by our wits, everything was in Storage, and we were not sure anything would be working out at all, but we were "going for it" regardless.

The setting: a motel in Sherman Oaks, the 777 Motor Inn. At first glance it was not seedy. It was rather nice, with Christmas Wreaths on the doorways of the rooms. It was January. Maybe that was not such a great sign.

So.

I need to do email to work. I was looking for fulltime employment or freelance or anything, and I was also scouting for places for us to live more permanently. It was taking longer than I would have hoped on both counts.

I was sitting in the "lobby" of the motel, a small room no more than 10 feet square. Pamphlets for Knott's and Santa Barbara in one corner, a bureau with newspapers on it to my right. I sat in a cheap 4-legged chair at a teeny desk, checking my email.

Suddenly, a fellow begins talking to me. He has tattoos. He is talking fast and is clearly a tweeker. As he talks I can see he has a tongue piercing.

He asks me what I'm doing. I reply "email," though he also looks over my shoulder to see a screenful of what clearly looks like an email inbox. I figure this is the end of the conversation, and I really don't want to keep talking to this guy. So I put my head back in my email.

Mr. Tats then asks me what I do for a living; he's clearly curious and wanting to conversate, and I am giving off every vibe I can to say, without addressing him, "I am doing my email and I do not want to talk to you. He asks me again. I cannot make him go away by will, so I reply, tersely, "web work." Figuring then, that the situation needs more symmetry, I ask him what he does for a living.

The reply comes: "pornos."

My reply: "oh."

I return to my email, and now I'm really sure I am done talking with this fellow. He continues to jabber at me, and suddenly he wants to sell me a laptop. I politely tell him I really need to work on my email and it's hard to concentrate when he's talking to me.

He wanders off.


Reading it now, some 10 months later, it occurs to me that I could have skipped the uncomfortable moment where I found out what this San Fernando Valley idiot does for a living had I said to him, up front, that I can't talk to him, as I am working on my email.

Of course, it might not have worked, but it's fun to speculate."Pornos" Man"Movies about golf."

Yesterday was putter day. On the agenda: sent some bills off in the mail, deposited a check at the bank, visited our terrible local comic-book shop and bought nothing, bought a UML book and Wired Magazine at Borders, gassed up the truck and cleaned out the cab, bought a cheap piece of whiteboard at Home Depot, bought some black graphic tape for whiteboards at Office Depot, got some Mountain Dew at Ralph's, did some folding of laundry, cleaned the kitchen, put out the trash, watched I *heart* Huckabees, did some freelance work, put out the trashcans, and that's pretty much it.

Rawk on.Phrase of the day; Yesterday

I got a spike of traffic as a result of coming up high for some Halloween search terms, notably "pumpkin designs" and "halloween pumpkin designs"

But with the end of the spooky pumpkin season, traffic abates.

As Tom Bickle would say, c'est la vie.Bursty Halloween Traffic on artlung.com

Leah has great photos of the Feist Set at Amoeba Records in Hollywood yesterday evening.

They're not really my favorite, but they are doing some interesting things with their music. And they are undeniably great live, even for a 30 minute in-store appearance.Before Feist"Freedom is as freedom does."Quote of the DayTonight, Leah, Alison and I went to see the movie New York Doll in Pasadena.

This was an absolutely moving film for me, I started crying about half-way through, and pretty much did not stop crying till the end. Leah tells me that it's pretty much how I am when I go to (Catholic) Church. So the film was some form of religious exultation and spiritual meditation for me.

The film is about a member of the New York Dolls, Arthur "Killer" Kane, who was a drinker, went to hell and back, and in 1989 converted to Mormonism after calling for a Book of Mormon from an ad in TV Guide.

Fifteen years later Morrissey is part of many forces allied to produce a Dolls reunion. The reunion comes off, it kicks butt. Arthur returns home to L.A., returns to his work in the Geneology Library near the Los Angeles Mormon temple, and is dead less than a month later. His life's obsession was complete, the reunion he had dreaded and pined for for decades came true, and he died soon after.

Today I worked to improve the Arthur Kane wikipedia page, because it needed some work. It still needs work, but at least it includes links to the movie site and the IMDB page for the film.

If you get a chance to see this film, see it.

I can't guarantee that you will have an experience like mine though. The film tickles many of my buttons. Redemption, obsession, music, fandom, punk rock, Morrissey, Mormonism, hating Jethro Tull, rock history, music trivia, anonymous support groups, religious conversion and the importance of family, the transient nature of life, hopes, and dreams.

I laughed, I cried.

What else do you want from a movie?
New York DollFor Leah.11/11Latest email blast from Stew and Heidi:

hi,
tune in tonight and hear "gary come home" the most sensitive song Stew has ever written about a missing snail.

SpongeBob's most beloved mollusk has disappeared!
"SpongeBob SquarePants: Where's Gary?" premiering 11/11 @ 8 PM/7c! on NICK
(we think that's 5pm PACIFIC TIME but make sure).

/the partnership


(previously mentioned in July)

Where's Gary? Stew/Spongebob/HeidiNew transcription: Bagdad Cafe:


Rage against coffee machines, go ahead
I'll take that sweet black tea
And honey bread

Cause you know,
Sadness is so ****ing common
It's not worth a song
So let's sing of happy happy happy things
Happy things the whole night long


See the video at stewfilm.com.

Still eagerly anticipating a recording of Black Men Ski, which I have heard maybe three times now -- the first time way back in 2004 at a show Leah and I attended in L.A. which we came to via Amtrak.

One line I remember from the song is:

"Black men order sushi with a stern Yakuza's flair"
Loretta sent a letter from Bagdad today. (by Stew)Exchange of the day...


*Me: (reading net news)* Christina Aguilera's getting married this weekend.

*Leah:* Oh, it's too late for you.

*Me:* That's pretty funny Leah.

*Leah:* Thanks.Too Late For You.We Are a Family of GeeksYes, we are."Fact of the matter is, there is no hip world, there is no straight world. There's a world, you see, which has people in it who believe in a variety of different things. Everybody believes in something and everybody, by virtue of the fact that they believe in something, use that something to support their own existence."

and

"The creation and destruction of harmonic and 'statistical' tensions is essential to the maintenance of compositional drama. Any composition (or improvisation) which remains consonant and 'regular' throughout is, for me, equivalent to watching a movie with only 'good guys' in it, or eating cottage cheese."


- Frank Zappa
F.Z.: Quotes of the DayHappy Thanksgiving y'all.

I have much to be thankful for this year.

Have a great and wonderful day,

JoeThanks GivingAny major dude with half a heart surely will tell you my friend
Any minor world that breaks apart falls together again
When the demon is at your door
In the morning it won't be there no more
Any major dude will tell you
Any major dude will tell you


Any Major Dude Will Tell You / Steely DanLyrics of the DayLatest Stew Lyrics: Gary's Song:

Gary now I know I was wrong
I missed up
And now you're gone

Gary I'm sorry I neglected you
Oh I never expected you to run away and leave me
Feeling this empty
Your "meow" right now would sound like music to me
Please come home 'cause I miss you Gary

Gary come home (Gary come home)
Gary come home (Gary come home)

Gary can't you see I was blind?
I'll do anything to change your mind
More than a pet you're my best friend
Too cool to forget

Come back because we are family and
Forgive me for making you want to roam
And now my heart is beating like the saddest metronome

Somewhere I hope you're reading
My latest three word poem
Gary come home (Gary come home)
Gary come home (Gary come home)
Gary come home (Gary come home)
Gary come home (Gary come home)
Oh
Gary come home
Gary come home
Gary won't you come home?


This song is now available via the iTunes Music Store or on amazon on SpongeBob Squarepants - "The Yellow Album"Gary Come HomeMark Cuban has a great post on his blog called Success & Motivation - Redux -- it's a nice reminder, from someone who has been in the business world for a long time, with many ups and downs, that it takes hard work to be successful.

Word of the day: _dogged_.MotivationThen I probably am now running a current version of WordPress -- 1.5.2.If this workedFor those of you who have had problems commenting on posts -- well, you could comment but you would get big stupid hairy PHP errors, please feel free to try commenting now and tell me whatchoo get in terms of success or failure.

Thanks much y'all!

*Update:* I have also upgraded San Diego BlogComment Errors Hopefully will be goneKanye West has a nice little sequence from _Gold Digger_, which was a hit for a few minutes. Lots of bleeping because it uses the "N" word. But this bit about the ambition has some _teeth_ in it:
You go out to eat and he can't pay
Y'all cant leave
There's dishes in the back
Ya gotta roll up ya sleeves
But while y'all washin' watch him!
He gon' make it to a Benz out of that Datsun!
He got that ambition baby
Look at his eyes
This week he moppin' floors
Next week it's the friesLyric of the DayHave I mentioned that Leah and I have a new business? Crawberts.com: All Things Web.

We build websites.

We maintain websites.

We upgrade websites.

We can answer your questions.

Hire us.Crawberts.comThere's not much on the internets about the marriage of my hero, Bruce Sterling, author, blogger, design instructor, and speaker to one Jasmina Tesanovic.

This is a peculiar bit of news I first heard word of on boingboing and confirmed the next day on his own blog.

I read his blog, and his Viridian list, bought his new book Shaping Things and had no idea such an event was forthcoming. I was not surprised that he would want privacy for such an event, I myself was quite private about my own wedding last year up until a month or so before.

I was surprised because my understanding was that Bruce was married with children, and there is google-able evidence that he was married to Nancy Sterling, the mother of his two children. I know he and she and their kids shared a big home in Austin at which they threw big parties.

It's interesting to maybe the folks who follow these things.

Perhaps there needs to be a gossip column like Defamer or Gawker to cover science-fiction luminaries and their various personal intrigues.

Bruce Sterling Got MarriedI just read 'Narnia represents everything that is most hateful about religion'. That response to a work of fiction is no doubt an indicator that something interesting might be going on in there.

I never liked "Fantasy" as a kid. I had a very large imagination, but I was more interested in science fiction and comics than fantasy. Things with swords, or magic, or wizards did not speak to me. So try as I might, I never read _Chronicles of Narnia_ or _Lord of the Rings_, well, I started, but I could not finish them. I suppose I could now. I'm thankful now that the movies of these works have come out and allowed me to enjoy them such as they are.

The question is this: why didn't fantasy move me as a kid?

These days, as a thirtysomething adult American male, it's easy to dismiss my predilictions as prejudice. I hate Jethro Tull, I can do without most horror movies, heavy metal is usually boring. These are all rather arbitrary tastes, built up over years. But how to explain the child-me and his ... (what's the opposite of "affinity"?) natural avoidance of fantasy?

Let's take a shot at trying on this lovely Monday morning. First, what were my tastes in that crucial age 7 to 12 time period? The things that moved me were things like Batman, or Snoopy and Peanuts. I liked Legos. I liked Star Wars. Voltes V (a giant Japanese robot). I liked listening to music and the radio. I liked to draw. I was a pretty devout Catholic boy. Is there some common thread here? Well, actually, maybe not.

Star Wars actually disproves my point, as it's definitely a tale of fantasy, and of hierarchies, and sacrifice, and "magical power" via the force. But it dresses it up in the "sciencey" part of science fiction. So maybe I've disproven my point right off the bat.

Batman and Voltes V, fit neatly in a whole other worldview, one which I still have a great affinity for. That point of view is that science and technology will provide power. Batman is just a traumatized kid, who, with money and discipline, manages to become the greatest detective of the world. Gadgets and smarts and physical intelligence rule the day. Likewise, Voltes V is a giant robot, but the underpinnings of the robot are that it's the work of a scientist, and it's driven by a group of kids not too unlike me. There's a "reality" there that connects these works to the world where I live.

Meanwhile, in the realm of fantasy, the connecting reality is far more tenuous. A magic piece of furniture that's a portal to a whole other world? Elfs? Dragons? Where are these things? What on earth do these things have to do with me?

Perhaps I was exercising all my suspension of disbelief in being a Catholic kid. Transubstantiation was literally true for me then, with a doubtlessness that I cannot muster now. My soul and the spiritual balance thereof was very real to me. But even then, I was always taught of the value of "works" in providing for spiritual reward. I digress, but it's worth noting here that the notion that we are saved merely by faith still rings hollow to me. Actually, I believe quite strongly in redemption, even for the very wicked. Have I told the story of the conversation I had with a guy on a plane where we discuss whether or not Darth Vader could *actually* be redeemed, and wasn't he really a Hitler figure, guilty of the worst kinds of genocide, and I, as a 20 year old, argued passionately that he _could_ indeed be redeemed. I still believe that, as I search my heart.

Where the heck was I? Oh, yeah, saved by faith? Yeah, I don't really buy it. If you have great faith, but have done harm to others, you have some hell to pay I think. And those who have not heard the Word, but have been good people in this world, are deserving of respect, and should it exist, salvation.

You know, for an agnostic, I sure do have a lot of opinions about salvation and redemption and faith. Well, I suppose I would.

Which reminds me... go see _Walk The Line_ - it's really good. But there's one moment in the film where I was surprised at my own reaction. The moment is where Johnny Cash is saying that he will sing for prisoners, and the record company dude says (paraphrasing) "Your fans are good Christian folk and they don't want you to go trying to make a bunch of murderers and rapists feel better." Cash replies "Well they ain't Christians then." To which my reaction was a giant, angry AMEN.

This really strayed. Thanks for listening.

Narnia RambleNew item: Make a larger checkbox using CSS. Silly and small, but the Lab has undergone a new reorganization.

The thing missing right now is cross-references and a means to "see other CSS tips" or "see other validation tips." It's on my to-do list.Upgrade to lab.artlung.comBlog post of the day:  Mother of All Trials...:

It wasn't really like a trial. It reminded me of what we call a 'fassil' which is what tribal sheikhs arrange when two tribes are out of sorts with one another. The heads of the tribes are brought together along with the principal family members involved in the rift and after some yelling, accusations, and angry words they try to sort things out. That's what it felt like today. They kept interrupting each other and there was even some spitting at one point It was both frustrating and embarrassing- and very unprofessional.

One thing that struck me about what the witnesses were saying- after the assassination attempt in Dujail, so much of what later unfolded is exactly what is happening now in parts of Iraq. They talked about how a complete orchard was demolished because the Mukhabarat thought people were hiding there and because they thought someone had tried to shoot Saddam from that area. That was like last year when the Americans razed orchards in Diyala because they believed insurgents were hiding there. Then they talked about the mass detentions- men, women and children- and its almost as if they are describing present-day Ramadi or Falloojah. The descriptions of cramped detention spaces, and torture are almost exactly the testimonies of prisoners in Abu Ghraib, etc.

It makes one wonder when Bush, Rumsfeld, Cheney and the rest will have their day, as the accused, in court.

Ouch.

From Iraqi Blogger Riverbend, via robotwisdom

Condemned to Repeat ItI've actually wanted to add tagging to my posts here for a while. Here's the first test to see if there's any chance of this working.This Post Has TagsSong Portraits by Stew are available, maybe even by the holidays. I love the idea of these things, though I don't think they're in the cards for those I love. Mayhaps next year.Stew Song PortraitsComing in January to a bar (more or less) near you. There's more information at San Diego Blog: San Diego Blogger Party!San Diego Bloggers Unite!(From Leah's side of the family, December, 2004).

Paraphrased because I couldn't keep up with the goodness and silliness.

Always say your prayersTake moonlight strolls and talk about the innermost things.You're so good to me.Read your scriptures.Let her put the toaster wherever she wants.Talk to each other like all the time.Buy low, sell high.He makes me laugh harder than anyone in my entire life.Give each other toys for Christmas if you like them.Do your checkbook together.Smile alot.Don't let him do the music.Just remember, she's always right.Be yourself.Have lots of play-doh and coloring books.Go places with each other.Consult your wife.Never smoke crackers in bed.No matter how thin you slice boloney, you can always smash a window with a brick.Just have fun with it.Give your kids whatever they want.Consult with each other before you do anything.Don't tell each other exactly where you put everything so you get in a fight. Play with your friends.Make decisions together.Have you seen her smile? It encompasses her joy and her beauty.Do things each other love.Say your personal prayers.Have family traditions.Do as many things as you can with each other.Go on a weekly date.
Wedding Luau Advice, UtahMe by Candlelight

She's lovely.Leah by CandlelightPlease, please, please, PLEASE don't screw it upYahoo! Acquires DeliciousSome time ago, my sister sent me this, also at: amywelborn.com/catholicwriters/silence.html:


Silence by Shusaku Endo

St. Francis Xavier brought Christianity to Japan in 1549. Sixty years later, while there may have been an estimated 300,000 Christians in Japan, the apparent success of the Churchs mission was about to come to an end.

The shogun who had reunited Japan after years of civil war had grown suspicious that the foreign missionaries were paving the way for conquering powers. In 1614 missionaries were expelled from the country and Japanese Christians were presented with a choice: either apostasize or be brutally killed.

The terrible persecution of Christians in Japan in the early seventeenth century produced thousands of martyrs, a fascinating underground hybrid church called Kakuro which survived hundreds of years in secret, and an enduringly ambiguous relationship between Japanese culture and Catholicism.

Shusaku Endo (1923-1996) used these themes in his many novels and short stories. Endo, baptized at the age of eleven because his mother had turned to the faith in the wake of personal difficulties, described his Catholicism as "a kind of ready-made suit...I had to decide either to make this ready-made suit fit my body or get rid of it and find another suit that fitted..."

As a Christian child in Japan, Endo was taunted by his peers for his religion. As a student come to France after World War II to study Catholic novelists, his faith was irrelevant to those who may have shared it, but who deplored him nonetheless because he was Japanese. It seemed, at that point, that it would have to be the suit that changed -- it brought him nothing but suffering.

But on the way back to Japan from Europe, Endo visited Palestine. In walking where Jesus himself had, he came to understand that the Christianity he had known was incomplete, for it had never revealed to him the Jesus who had lived, suffered and died for the outcast. It was this Jesus, he realized, who could reach beyond culture and connect with the Japanese soul.

In his great novel, Silence, Endo uses the background of persecution to contemplate these knotty questions. He gives us the story of a young Portuguese priest named Sebastian Rodrigues who travels to Japan from Macao to confirm the impossible news that his mentor, Father Christovao Ferreira has apostasized.

Rodrigues arrives in Japan, his trusting faith nourished by the memory of a treasured face of Christ, full of "vigor and strength," an image that expresses the certainty of Gods presence in his mission.

But events quickly turn. Rodrigues is disturbed by the simplistic faith he finds among peasant converts and stunned by the brutality of suffering they endure when discovered by their persecutors. As he attempts to make his way to Nagasaki, avoiding the authorities, alternately guided and betrayed by a Judas-like figure named Kichijiro, his questions mount, and where once he had found certainty, he increasingly hears only silence.

Gods silence continues when Rodrigues is captured. He can hear nothing but his own crashing spirit and the cries of his suffering fellow prisoners, cries he is assured he can bring a stop to by a simple external act, one that he discovers beyond doubt his mentor had, indeed taken: he can apostasize by trampling on a fumie, an image of Christ, no longer serenely triumphant, but "ugly...worn down and hollow.."

And does the silence break? I must leave you to open the pages of this moving, provocative novel to answer that question for yourself.




-Amy WelbornSilencecleaning out old files, and found this old transcription:

yr own world (blue aeroplanes) from beatsongs


give me you and the whole wide world
give me your tapes and your secret photos
i'll give you my money
just give me a car
and tell me where you want to go
let's go to where we're both in love
and no one tells us what to do
and i will get you
call you bliss
i will get to feel like this

i will want to see you
i will catch a plane
if i want to see you twice
i'll catch that plane again
y'know i'm living in my own world
living where i want to be
living in my own world
together, yes, and separately

now we are young and we'll go far

we'll name our children after our car
have swivel-hipster-fuel-air-blast
and crystal-toting plaster casters
sing our hymns and hear us sing
nothing is an unmixed blessing
drive me down to each west coast
if you can read this, you're too close

i still want to see you
i will catch a plane
i will want to see you twice
i'll catch that plane again
and we'll be living in our own world
separate on account of me
living in our own world
but only temporarily

well, i fall in love
it's never enough
to see how others fall in love
i wake you up, you take my hand
you take me down to disneyland
everybody's happy sometimes
now check this truth and hand it to me
meantime, can i stop writing now?

i really want to see you
i will catch a plane
i really want to be with you
i'll catch a plane and a train
until i'm living in our own world
give me a message i can see
living in our own world
call me, call me, call me, call me

call me anything...


i really like that song. i wonder what happened to that band?lyrics: blue aeroplanes: yr own worldCrawberts is proud to announce that the website of Catherine Leonard has launched. We were the folks who built out the html+css, as well as the php/mysql CMS on the backend, and the estimable Ben Berry did the design.

We're quite proud to be able to share info on it with you folks! Check it out!Catherine Leonard Site LaunchStephen Bury = Pseudonym

Stephen Bury = Neal Stephenson + his Uncle

Stephen Bury = Neal Stephenson + J. Frederick George

J. Frederick George = George Jewsbury

&#8756; Stephen Bury = Neal Stephenson + George Jewsbury

Random House has rereleased Interface and The Cobweb (two pretty great technothrillers cowritten by Neal Stephenson and George Jewsbury). They were formerly released by the pseudonymous "Stephen Bury," but now they are re-attributed to Neal Stephenson and the pseudonym J. Frederick George.

This was news to me. I mean, I knew it was N.S. and his uncle, but I didn't realize it was going to be explicitly public.

Pseudonym Math In her photo of the day:


Sometimes the Internet is a marvelous thing, especially when it allows you to meet one of the most beautiful people in the world. You should read her book.


The photos Dooce took are really great of Leah.Dooce sezThis horrible error message on phpMyAdmin:


Client does not support authentication protocol requested by server; consider upgrading MySQL client


On my local MySQL installation. I am running PHP 4 and MySQL 4.1 and phpMyAdmin on Mac OS X 10.4 "Tiger" worked like a charm, despite the fact that I'm not using 10.4, I'm running 10.3.9.

Huzzah for tools that work locally when one has no net connection!phpMyAdmin working on OS XYesterday we visited Leah's sister's family in central Utah. It was a great time. We made chocolate leaves! Crazy.

One of the things we did was visit Horseshoe Mountain Pottery in Spring City, Utah. It's beautiful country out there, and the pottery was beautiful.

See Joe's Studio, where  he makes the following set of statements, quite unique I think:

These are hard economic times. The art market seems to be on hold. Please consider making more of your gift giving purchases at Horseshoe Mountain Pottery. Think of us for birthdays, weddings, anniversaries and holidays. Consider pottery for your business associates, employees and clients. We can even do something special for large orders.

This pottery is made with daily use in mind. It's intended venue is the house hold dinner table, the kitchen, the hand and the mouth. I am mindful of this scenario when making the pots. I want them to integrate in use rather than demand attention. I try to make simple shapes with minimal decoration while still meeting the aesthetic needs of the people who use them. This works best for me. I have a great appreciation for the work of potters who employ more active surfaces. I do not intend to say here that this is the right way to do it.

It's so cold here, but beautiful.

Horseshoe Mountain PotteryHow refreshing it is to read about mistakes made in designing web applications! In Getting it Right, Ari Paparo waxes on why del.icio.us had success with giving users functionality, while his company blink, did not.

Great one for the web geeks in my audience.Heartbreaking RetrospectNSA and Bush's Illegal Eavesdropping:

The fundamental issue here is security, but it's not the security most people think of. James Madison famously said: "If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary." Terrorism is a serious risk to our nation, but an even greater threat is the centralization of American political power in the hands of any single branch of the government.

Over 200 years ago, the framers of the U.S. Constitution established an ingenious security device against tyrannical government: they divided government power among three different bodies. A carefully thought out system of checks and balances in the executive branch, the legislative branch, and the judicial branch, ensured that no single branch became too powerful.


And more:

I didn't talk about the political dynamics in either essay, but they're fascinating. The White House kept this secret, but they briefed at least six people outside the administration. The current and former chief justices of the FISC knew about this. Last Sundays Washington Post reported that both of them had misgivings about the program, but neither did anything about it. The White House also briefed the Committee Chairs and Ranking Members of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, and they didnt do anything about it. (Although Sen. Rockefeller wrote a bizarre I'm-not-going-down-with-you memo to Cheney and for his files.)

Cheney was on television this weekend citing this minimal disclosure as evidence that Congress acquiesced to the program. I see it as evidence of something else: if people from both the Legislative and the Judiciary branches knowingly permitted unlawful surveillance by the Executive branch, then the current system of checks and balances isn't working.

Its also evidence about how secretive this administration is. None of the other FISC judges, and none of the other House or Senate Intelligence Committee members, were told about this, even under clearance. And if theres one thing these people hate, its being kept in the dark on a matter within their jurisdiction. Thats why Senator Feinstein, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, was so upset yesterday. And its pushing Senator Specter, and some of the Republicans in these Judiciary committees, further into the civil liberties camp.Schneier on Bush's Illegal Eavesdropping on American CitizensA long while ago, I had some dental issues that could only be resolved by having my wisdom teeth removed. I had a draft of it forever, here it is, for better or incoherent.

I realized something was wrong in my mouth on a Tuesday. I was having persistent pain. It was not particularly sharp, but it was present in a way I'm not used to.

I have never taken particularly good care of my teeth. I brush, more or less. But I didn't floss except before a date or if maybe I had eaten some celery and had obvious crud between my teeth. I didn't take to flossing.  Is it a character flaw to not floss? Maybe not, but not considering the long-term of an action was certainly a flaw of mine for a long time. I have to work to consider the future carefully.

The pain was in the lower part of my mouth, right hand side, rear. I thought it was simply some stray food particles lodged under my gums. I brushed, using the Braun electric that had served me well for several months. But this didn't really help much. I used Peroxyl, a hydrogen peroxide based mouthwash, and vigorously gargled. I also used my generic brand green mouthwash.

I even went to the extent to purchase a dental irrigator. The WaterPik was I think the first device of this kind. It simulates the action of a toothpick, but with a jet of water. My grandparents had one when I was a kid, and I always liked them - such a neat action.

The irrigator didn't help either.

The next thing I realized was when I developed a funny taste in my mouth. Like metal. Aluminum maybe. Again I tried to attribute this to "food particles" - perhaps an errant bite of mexican food or Tiger's Milk Bar that went astray and got stuck.

No such luck. The taste remained even after purging my mouth of every bit of anything that could possibly be in there.

I brushed, and gargled with water, the alcohol-based mouthwash, the Peroxyl, more brushing, some irrigating, and yes, the taste went away.

Then it came back.

To my horror, I realized something very wrong was happening in my mouth. It is simply not normal to have a taste get cleansed from your mouth, then, 15 minutes later, for it to come back. I had something malicious happening in my mouth. Something oozing. Something was making an "exudate" - a word I remembered from my days practicing Respiratory. I had to see a dentist. Fast.

I know enough about disease processes to know that something that is making pus at that kind of rate is not my friend. My mouth was rotting, and needed addressing. The thing I've always been cognizant of about teeth problems is that they have a way, untreated, of affecting the rest of the body greatly. I think of the endocarditis and mitral valve problems that people can get. The mouth has lots of exposure to the outside world - and if your gums are bleeding, it's a potential conduit to the bloodstream for all kinds of microbiological nasties.

I was scared. Very.

I looked up dental abscess online and indeed, it sounded like what I had. An abscess is "A localized collection of pus in part of the body, formed by tissue disintegration and surrounded by an inflamed area." And this is definitely what I had. In my mouth.

So I did what I always do when there's a crisis, I reached out online, asking, via email and mailing lists, for local (San Diego) dentists.

In a few hours I'd collected some good data, and I found one from my friend Steve E, and called immediately for an appointment. I was immediately put at ease by his scheduler, who asked how I was feeling, and to describe my symptoms. Her alert level went up a notch as I described what I relayed above. She said it did sound like an abscess.

She scheduled me for an appointment in a week, and I said that was fine. She also said she would try to get me an appointment soon, because she knew that what I had happening was serious business. I am every so thankful to her for that.

When I got home from work that night there was a message on my machine asking if I could come in for an appointment the next day, Friday. I called back immediately, and said a hearty YES!

I was in. The problem was being addressed. I sort of imagined pilots in their ready rooms running out to the bombers and fighters staging a counteroffensive. Troops were rallied. Action was happening. Go Joe!

Yes it would cost money. But it was going to get taken care of. I still had the taste, and the pain, but I felt that good feeling of "progress. "

One thing: When the Dentist looks at your wisdom tooth, and says "Oh Wow," how can you not be scared? I was scared but was okay with it, come what may.

My Dentist told me that the kind of decay I had was rare. It happens in two groups typically. Children, and the elderly. I am 33 years old. He said that the aged get it because their oral chemistry gets weaker. Kids get it because they tend to eat continuously throughout the day.

This second scenario, "eating like a kid" ,is precisely how I have lost weight in the past year. I eat what I want when I want.

The irony of the thing is that apparently the diet that lost me 90 pounds in 9 months is the same diet that accelerated my tooth decay. Had I brushed in line with my eating, I probably would have been fine.

Then came the day of Surgery.

I checked in at 7:40am and at 7:45 they took me in. There are photos of this intake procedure in my photos area.

I urinate. Then I go into an "on-deck" room where they lay me down on a stretcher. They put a blood pressure cuff on me. It's predictably too small for my arm so the Nurse (is she a Nurse? I have no idea) gets a larger one.

Lynn, the nurse is looking for an IV puts nasal mask (nondisposable) on me "laughing gas" she calls it. Nitrous and Oxygen probably. Very calming. They put two ECG (did you know we refer to EKGs as EKG because "EEG" and "ECG" sound too much alike? -- at least that's what I was taught) electrodes on my chest. They put another electrode on my left arm. She sticks me antecubitally for a vein. (bigger always better) but she misses. I feel the stick, and it hurts. But it feels like it's hurting on the other side of the room -- I am lucid, but the sensation is of a disconnect between what happens in the room and my self. She tries the top of my right hand. She hits, but can't get the sheath in. I'm lucid enough to say "Third time's a charm" when she jokes apologetically about turning me into a pin cushion. I say it's fine.

Something in me prevents me from mentioning how many times I've stuck people for blood - ABG's - Respiratory Therapists draw bllod from arteries.

Third time *is* a charm and she hits me on the radial side of my wrist.

I feel a splash of cold on my hand. She tells me it's just saline. It could be blood for all I care, as long as she doesn't allow it to drain out of me. That would be... bad.

I overhear two people (Nurses?) (Surgical Techs?) talking about radial notches and the ulna and I say "somebody's taking A&P." I mean, if you're working in a Dentist's office and you're talking about the ulna, you must be taking an Anatomy and Physiology class. At least semi-drugged, I came to that conclusion.

So I see the Doc -- the Oral Surgeon. He says "Hello, how we doing?" I say okay.

The nurse at this point says "we're giving you the drugs to make you go to sleep now." I tell her okay. I have a clamp in my mouth.

I don't remember falling under the influence of the Versed, but I must have. It might be nice to see the operative record. If only so I can see the chronology. Having been under the influence of powerful narcotics, I'm scarcely a trustworthy witness!

When I wake up, I am back in the holding area. Everything feels like a dream. An overhead lamp suddenly, in the hazy eyes I have, becomes a little silent puppet show. I am lying flat. Two white hospital blankets covering me to my neck. I'm watching and listening.

Watching and listening like always.

I close my eyes.

In and out.

I move a hand up and feel my face.

Upper lip - no feeling. maybe some pressure. But I really can't feel it much.

Lower lip - nothing. it feels like a nylon stocking filled with a nerf football. I press it but cannot feel it.

Lower jaw - likewise. This is probably good.

Oh, the glory of local anesthesia.

There is cotton gauze in my mouth. Big hunks of it. Covering the stumps of where my four wisdom teeth were.

I make a sound. Not much. A slight gurgle cough. Then a glugging giggle at the silliness. Increduility at how I can't really make a sound.

I often feel that incredulity. I'm always amazed at simply existing, and how bizarre things are.

Eventually they bring me out. To Leah.

Leah drives me back to her place.

I think I'm awake and alert, but I sleep most of the way.

Things written on clipboard when I could not talk. These were "said" to Leah.

"lip no feeling"

"would like to take pen. & vicodin. fear cannot swallow though"

"can feel the pain coming."

"like the outskirts of town."

"good got drugs down."

"T.Y. (you said to stop writing thank you)"

*The Leah-Takes-Care-Of-Me Post-Op Phase*

I changed the gauze packs every hour - they were gunky, bloody, and awful. It was nice to see the progression of the gauze from totally wet with bright red blood, to merely damp with brown and black.

The instructions said to NOT rinse frequently or vigorously in the first 24 hours. I respected that. I was scared to death of "Dry Socket," which had afflicted both my sister and father when they had had tooth extractions.

Vicodin: loved it, though it gave me constipation.

Tried to drink juice sometimes, though water was best.

Leah made me pudding. Lots of pudding. It's a strong memory of having something I could actually eat. Leah was wonderful to me.

And mostly, I slept.

Here's an email I sent to my sister:


The word:
- chocolate pudding - just right
- mashed up bananas - just right
- little pieces of pear - a bit too much yet
- 7up - the old favorite, GREAT!
I've stopped bleeding from the stumps/holes/caves
Vicodin rocks
slept a lot yesterday
my mouth was VERY numb (like, useless) all day yesterday
but now I can talk
and move my mouth, and it all works well
though now my jaw is muscle achey


And that's the end of the wisdom tooth saga. I laughed, I cried.The Wisdom Tooth SagaLeah, Happy First Anniversary.

Can it possibly have been a year since we got married?



Leah, I love you. Thanks for helping me learn what a partner is and for helping me become a better man and being there as I go through the process of becoming.

Onward!Happy Anniversary BabyIt escaped my notice for a year that the day I was married also happened to be Frank Zappa's birthday.

It is many other things too, including the birthday of Joseph Stalin, Phil Donahue, Jane Fonda, Samuel Jackson, Ray Romano, and Andy Dick. It's also the day of death of F. Scott Fitzgerald and General George S. Patton.

Also, sometimes it's the Winter Solstice here in the Northern Hemisphere, as it did this year and last, according to the U.S. Naval Observatory Astronomical Applications Department.

Given how much a Zappa fan I am, Leah remarked to me that she feels a bit hoodwinked by the date of our wedding. I assured her, and now you, that I really had no idea. I was as surprised as anyone when I read in a journal that someone was wishing Frank a posthumous Happy B-Day.

And that's the true fact.Frank Zappa Birthday ConspiracyI believe "The Saddest Metronome" would make a great name for a blog. It's a phrase from Gary Come Home.

Today I'm working and enjoying, as I work, some Zappa videos on YouTube, particularly the video for You Are What You Is (Lyrics) (warning: potentially offensive and/or very silly). The St. Alphonzo Suite featuring John Belushi scatting/singing as the Samurai at the beginning is inspired and peculiar and reminds one that SNL was one pretty unpredictable in a good way.

That reminds me that Waxy pointed to SNL - The Chronic of Narnia Rap the other day and I keep returning to it because it's funny and goofy, and not a bad song at all. And probably for the past 10-15 years I have found SNL to be consistently unfunny and tedious. Maybe that's changing.

I'm a little tired and fluish. Time to get some fluids and start the day.

The Saddest MetronomeMerry Christmas.

Travel is the watchword this season.

Love and peace to you all.Hey YouFrom an interview with Bruce Sterling in 1998: Cyberpunk writer helps define the future of cyberspace:


*Q:* Do you think you have a bleak vision of the future?

*A:* The future is a form of history that hasn't happened yet. It's as if you'd asked if I have a "bleak vision" of the 19th century. Well, yes and no. If you were a Victorian railroad engineer in the 19th century, the world was yours, you were having a fantastic, progressive, marvelous time. But if you were a 19th-century American Plains Indian, you were basically enduring a catastrophic, murderous dystopia. You have to comprehend both these experiences and their direct relationship to one another. Then you can achieve a historical understanding. Is it bleak? Yes, no, it doesn't matter. It's what happened.
Quote of the Day"Do the hard thing FIRST."

(It's much harder than it sounds).PotDUS Airways lost 3 of 4 bags flying from Roanoke to Charlotte to Los Angeles. That is pretty stinky. To add insult to injury, the movie on the flight was _Dukes of Hazzard_.

...just playing, US Airways rocks. Can't wait till they call me and let me know my bags are found.

...no really, I can scarcely wait.

I'm still sick, finished a course of antibiotics this morning. _To health!_

We had a terrific time in Virginia. There are even a few photos.

The January 16th Events for San Diego Bloggers look like they're gonna be great

We launched a site last week. MLI Laser. We did the html and CSS. Quickie site, but a fun one!

Today we're travelling again, this time with the kids.

O&middot;n&middot;w&middot;a&middot;r&middot;dA few notesWhere they have no free wireless and won't let me plug in my laptop... "viruses" is the reason. Please Kanab City Library, learn from San Diego and get some free wireless!

Ho hum. That's some sad.

Regardless, work must be done, offline. I'll be uploading later.

Some milestones:

In 2006 this blog will turn 5 years old. My first post was in February 2001.

Meanwhile, I'll have been building webpages in one form or another since 1996, which is 10 years of making HTML.

I'll be 36 years old this year. 10/36 is 27.8% of my life. Meaning for a quarter of my life I'll have been "on the net." How cyberpunk is that? Jack into the matrix brother.

So so much more to come!

Happy New Year. May Blessings Abound for you and yours.From KanabThe eight hour drive takes, actually, 12 hours.

"I have to go to the bathroom."

Listening to "Sonic Reducer" by The Dead Boys and some other punk obscura on a college radio station out of UC Riverside.

Having a "middle-aged-man" moment and really admiring the luggage-rack bag on top of a random SUV. I thought "that looks really strong, and weatherproof, would hold a lot of stuff,  and I don't think I'd have to worry about it flying off or flying apart.

The kids' main memories of driving from SoCal to Southern Utah last year for our wedding were losing Mom's wedding ring at 10 at night, in the rain, while we were fighting a tarp on my truck. At least they'll never forget our wedding.

Me: "Leah, can I have a Grandma Sandwich?" (G'ma, which is to say, my mother-in-law) fixed us turkey sandwiches for the journey. Not bad either.

Corn Nuts are a pretty good snack for driving. The plain ones are the only ones I can tolerate. Leah has the same opinion.

Las Vegas traffic is the worst. It's just broken. I want to be able to ride the train.

Packing the van was a fun challenge. So much stuff, and it all fit. Amazing.

Arriving in Baker, trying to eat dinner at Coco's. Being told they were out of steak, chicken, pasta, and pretty much everything else. The hostess was warning us because she "didn't want you to wait a long time, sit down, and be disappointed." The poor young woman who told us this had clearly not had a good day. Californians had run her out of everything, and then other Californians got upset about it. I would never want her job.

Finding tapes of mine. Listened to some old tapes from Erin with some great songs on them. The main was "Valley Vista" by Wendy & Lisa. I also listened to Eno and Byrne's "My Life in the Bush of Ghosts." Really excellent analog dub / electronica.

Talking with Dev about the high school culture of my high school.

Dev telling me he wants to teach me an instrument. Guitar. He has been before, and continues to be, incredulous that someone as musically informed and knowledgeable does not play an instrument.

Going to the bathroom at some random Mobil and the Men's bathroom was closed. I used the women's. Ali told me that the lady was really freaked out and worried about that. Dude, when a body has to go and it's 11pm, I would have no compunction about using any appropriate bathroom - women, family, hermaphrodite. I just gotta pee!

Getting home in the middle of the night and deloading the car. Many hands make light work. Awesome.

Being greeted with our US Airways bags, and everything was there, and everything was unbroken. Score!

So, so tired.

Random Long Drive MomentsHere's one of mine:



Try it out at http://labs.systemone.at/retrievr/.Retrievr is CoolAs of yesterday, I am officially the stepdad of a 17-year old. And I'm married to the mother of a 17-year old. It's a little bit daunting, but really, it's all good.

Happy Birthday Devon!Hapy Birthday DevFrom A conversation with Bruce Sterling


If you approach "reality" in a humble spirit of inquiry I think that Truth will unveil herself, whereas if you stomp around emitting gospel and drinking your own public-relations bathwater, you're gonna come to grief, sooner or later.




Bruce Sterling Quote of the Day

Taken by GrandmaFamily @ Grandma's in UtahFamily Calendars? describes perfectly some of the problems Leah and I have come up with finding a good solution for shared calendars.

Someone fix this now!Why is there not a better shared calendar solution for families?Today is the birthday of the fabulous and wonderful and thoughtful and loving and talented and incidentally-my-wife and many-other-things-too Leah...

HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEAH ! ! !Happy Birthday LeahPeah!Seamless and WYSIWYG. Some neat AJAXiness in it too.


Well, the bold and italic work great, anyway.Once again, upgraded WordPress. To 2.0.Troubling essay: The Impeachment of George W. Bush
Like many others, I have been deeply troubled by Bush's breathtaking scorn for our international treaty obligations under the United Nations Charter and the Geneva Conventions. I have also been disturbed by the torture scandals and the violations of US criminal laws at the highest levels of our government they may entail, something I have written about in these pages [see Holtzman, "Torture and Accountability," July 18/25, 2005]. These concerns have been compounded by growing evidence that the President deliberately misled the country into the war in Iraq. But it wasn't until the most recent revelations that President Bush directed the wiretapping of hundreds, possibly thousands, of Americans, in violation of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA)--and argued that, as Commander in Chief, he had the right in the interests of national security to override our country's laws--that I felt the same sinking feeling in my stomach as I did during Watergate.
I doubt this is likely, but the argument that Bush's conduct is not much different from that of Richard Nixon during the Vietnam War is rather compelling. And unhappy and disturbing.The Impeachment of George W. BushLeah and I ate at One World Cafe (( 41 S.  300 East; Salt Lake City, Utah 84103)) in Salt Lake City with Alison and her boyfriend last month. It was great! Read about it here: In a World of Its Own:
Salt Lake City's One World Cafe breaks two of the most fundamental rules of the restaurant business.First, there are no menus. Diners at the restaurant, 41 S. 300 East, eat whatever sparks the culinary imagination of owner and chef Denise Cerreta.

Most days she offers soup, one or two salads, quiche, a main entree and a dessert, all of which were inspired by the fresh, organic produce and meats she buys that day.

Customers can fill their plates with as much, or as little, as they want and -- here is the second business breach -- pay what they feel their meal is worth. In place of a cash register, Cerreta has a brown basket where patrons place their money.
I love the unconventional approach, that seems to be working great. If you don't have enough money to pay you can work in the kitchen. I think an hour's work gets you a meal. What an amazing and revolutionary idea.One World Cafe, SLCAs part of my work with WordPress I upgraded a few other blogs without hitches: Websandiego.org and San Diego Blog most notably, but also Leah's too.

With each revision I grow more impressed with WordPress as a platform. It's matured considerably since I started using the original b2 with San Diego Blog back in May 2003 and Leah back in October 2002.

Fun fun fun!Upgrades to Other BlogsGet over to Rhonchi.com now!Are you a Respiratory Therapist? Do you blog?Me @ Blogger ThingSo I was reading Oso's latest entry: Advice to Oso From The World, well, actually, I saw the headline in my gmail "web snippets" - the low budget RSS reader build into gmail and I presumed I knew what it would be about, thinking it would be one of those web services things where you can query google for "my advice to oso" and get all kinds of wacky results. Well, instead he disappointed that presumption and was all sort of obliquely self-examinationy, something I myself have not done, at least no publicly for a while. I commend Oso for trying to get at that core thing. Trying to get to that core self-understanding and reflection that is REALLY REALLY HARD WORK.

Kudos, Oso.

Anyway.

So I did the google query for "my advice to Joe" and got all kinds of interesting results. Funny, odd. And since Oso is not really a common appellation for people, well, I also did "David" -- for you Oso. Since I thought that was what your post was gonna be. So here's google's web's world's advice to Oso:

"my advice to David is to make sure the companys brand is properly aligned with its product set and sales strategy. .."
"My advice to David is to take the advice I got ie to ask for opinions of mouthpieces to try rather than mouthpieces to buy. "
"My advice to David is that he needs to make more Black friends. "
"My advice to David is to minimize his losses."
"My advice to David is, DON'T DO IT! "
"My advice to David is that he's giving The wrong advice,"
"my advice To David is predicated on the principle that you suggested: the Institute for Writing Center Revival is actually located In a ..."
"My advice to David is to KEEP IT UP. ..."
"my advice to David is keep thefansforum independant, that is The wishes of The Members."

And here is the advice to me:

"My advice to Joe is that he shouldn't wait for Al Gore to make a decision. ..."
"My advice to Joe is my advice to everyone: Measure now, and measure often! "
"My advice to Joe is to grow up and quit being such a whiny butt."
"My advice to Joe is that if he can't handle the ads for Tripping the Rift (which are aimed at adults and are probably more suitable after 9 pm, ..."
"My advice to Joe is to not even talk about the book at all,"
"My advice to Joe is, things can change,"
"My advice to Joe is to just chill a bit."
"My advice to Joe is to forget it. that lens is not worth The cost and effort."
"My advice to Joe is keep his eye on The Three: IBM, Sun, and 3Com."
"My advice to Joe is, things can change,"
"my advice to Joe is simple : to avoid further deceptions, make it clear what is offered for the price. or you will keep having negative REVIEWS and comments"
"My advice to joe is to learn about your sons choices as best you can and also to support him."
"my advice to Joe Is to eat Sh*t loads of paella on his way to portugal and he''ll be a hero"
"my advice to Joe is - don't."
"my advice to joe is to get rid of Norton AV (and all other Norton 2002 or later products) As soon As possible."
"My advice to * is"

...bearing fruit in the form of a pseudo-lego model. My first 3-D model. Done in Maxon's Cinema 4D.3-D Class at Moorpark CollegeDude, my wife has gallonfuls of it, where it's revealed that, yes, I'm in her book, but at the end, where things are getting better.

But strictly speaking, I don't know anyone in the world more dedicated to the truth and living an authentic life than my wife Leah.

She asked if it was cool for her to reveal that aspect of the book (that I'm the "Jac" at the end") and I feel like, no problem at all. When I see all the truth she's revealed to the world I'm amazed and astonished.

That much truth is something to shoot for.Speaking of TruthDiabetics may soon get to inhale their insulin.

John Prine has a great song called "Your Flag Decal Won't Get You Into Heaven Anymore" via rc3.org: it has a great chorus:
But your flag decal won't get    you
Into Heaven any more.
They're already overcrowded
From your dirty    little war.
Now Jesus don't like killin'
No matter what the reason's    for,
And your flag decal won't get you
Into Heaven any    more.
It looks like that's from John Prine, originally released in 1971. And railing against stupid wars and flag decals is again, sadly, necessary.

And Donald Fagan has a new album coming out in March called Morph The Cat. Donald is half of Steely Dan. Duh!

San Diego Hardware is moving. via San Diego Blog via new writer over there JeSais.Things I Did Not Know, But Now Do.Google explains itself on China.
Google in China
Filtering our search results clearly compromises our mission. Failing to offer Google search at all to a fifth of the world's population, however, does so far more severely. Whether our critics agree with our decision or not, due to the severe quality problems faced by users trying to access Google.com from within China, this is precisely the choice we believe we faced. By launching Google.cn and making a major ongoing investment in people and infrastructure within China, we intend to change that.Google in China, Filtered. The Explanation.The Mirror Project | Joe Crawford | Joe in LeahPeah's GlassesNice picture, eh?world, meet olivia rex.

(developing).

Update: you can listen to her songs!oliviarex.com

taken by lpFuzzy WuzzyLazy Sunday morning. Pretty day so far. Everyone asleep for now.

Saw the boy's basketball game yesterday -- not a win, a little disappointing. We need to put up the hoop we got on Freecycle.

So.

Last night Leah, Alison and I went to see Brokeback Mountain. I did not know what expect. I think I expected cheesy melodrama.

Instead, as in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and The Ice Storm he pulled off something with a great deal of sensitivity -- with characters and situations that create empathy and identification beyond what one would think possible.

In particular I think of the Michelle Williams character. She sees her husband doing something entirely unexpected, and she says nothing. She is paralyzed and terrified, and yet she cannot speak. The emotion for me was profound -- "If you do not speak, you will never resolve this." So much sadness in that movie, and I definitely empathize with that feeling of not being able to speak. Something must be said, and yet nothing can be said.

I think of the title of a Harlan Ellison story (novel?) I have no mouth and I must scream. The horrible sensation of having something that must be said and the incapability of saying it.

Not a dry eye in the house, man.

At various times I have and do withhold my thoughts. I cannot speak. I don't do that anymore. Well, when I do it, It doesn't last for years or decades anymore, anyway.

Speak your mind. Be yourself. And... Onward.The Incapability of SpeakingMy TypeKey page was updated: http://profile.typekey.com/artlung/

LiveJournal has changed how they do their urls, so they are all username.livejournal.com. Thus: http://artlung.livejournal.com/ not, of course, that I really hang out over there.

Rhonchi.com is getting comment spam! That was pretty fast. Luckily Spam Karma 2 protects it! There's more lung-y news out there than I ever could have anticipated. I still have not heard from any RT's who blog, but c'est la vie. They'll turn up eventually.

Olivia Rex has put up a few new songs since I last mentioned it. One comparison is Rickie Lee Jones. What do you think of her?
Leah claims I have a crush on Tim from Project Runway. Well, maybe. I'm a sucker for a dry wit.

Three years ago I was on KPBS These Days to talk about blogging on the radio. Now they're looking for teenage San Diego bloggers. Are you one? Contact them.

Does anyone have any questions?Some Updated ThingsLeah sent me this, it's a daily email from Loving Each Day:
The vision of togetherness is only possible if two people are willing to deal with it, honestly and without ego.

- John-Roger

(From: Relationships: Love, Marriage and Spirit, p. 57)
Not an easy goal.

A lot of them are sort of mushy, but many feel insightful and true.Today's Loving Each DayEclipse.org:
Eclipse is an open source community whose projects are focused on providing an extensible development platform and application frameworks for building software.Eclipse Rocks.

Cinema 4D rocks.3D Model, Evolved.or, "I coulda had 45 Mbps to my home!"
Good Morning Silicon Valley: We thought you said spend the $200 billion on "dark fiber"
...during the buildup to the 1996 Telecommunications Reform Act, the major U.S. telcos promised to deliver fiber to 86 million households by 2006 (we're talking about fiber to the home, here). They asked for, and were given, some $200 billion in tax cuts and other incentives to pay for it.  But the Bells didn't spend that money on fiber upgrades -- they spent it on long distance, wireless and  inferior DSL services.Dude, Where's My Fiber?...I always thought this would make a terrific band name.

Suggest/see others.

via robotwisdom.Taking The Fun Out Of Rock

About 10 years ago I dreamed of working in Hollywood. I wanted to direct, of course, but what really fascinated me was postproduction - particularly editing. But also, I loved animation, which meant that I also was fascinated by 3-D animation.

I had first encounted computer animation in about 1986 at the La Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art (now Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego). I loved it. It was mindbending stuff.

I still have the flyer from the 1987 Festival of Animation -- Luxo Jr., though I think I saw it at an earlier showing "The Art of Computer Animation." I was 16 and 17 years old, tooling around San Diego in a beat up seafoam green 1972 Volvo and these animations inspired me to try and do computer graphics. I vividly remember getting shown raytracing demos at San Diego Amiga User's Group meetings. These were heady times.

I have a binder with flyers of the animation festivals from this era. Some real classics in there! It looks like earlier than Luxo, I had seen Tuber's Two Step (which I can't seem to find online at all, sad!) and "The Adventures of Andre and Wally B." -- both in 1986. I love the description of the rendering of Tuber's:
The works were realized on a VAX 11/780 computer, a Mark 1I 32-bit frame buffer, Symbolics 3670 and/or Evans and Sutherland PS 300 and in-house software.
Awesome.  I bet you never even heard of a VAX. Luxo and Andre were of course the work of John Lasseter at Pixar.

But I never did any actual 3-D art. I never worked in 3-Dimensions. I fiddled with a raytracer for the Amiga at that time but it was all based on little text files -- in other words, programming. I could just never figure the stuff out.

Fast forward from 1987 to 1996 and computer graphics were very popular. Terminator 2 had come out several years earlier to accliam for the use of high end graphics and compositing of the morphing terminator. I had moved to California from Virginia and  was researching everything I might want to do. I was particularly interested in taking classes at Silicon Studio in Santa Monica. Silicon Studio is no more, but they taught expensive classes in computer animation at a neat facility. It was a branch of the then-flying-high SGI. I went to SIGGRAPH and was blown away. I was reading about CG animation incessantlt, reading movie magazines to try and learn all I could.

All that reading made me book-smart about computer graphics. For some reason NURBS stands out in my memory as something to know about. I had it memorized and even understood what it was. NURBS are "non-uniform rational B-splines." NURBS are math that describes curves, especially a curve you have to reproduce in a computer with a minimum of math. They're Bezier curves, which I understood from my class in Freehand/Adobe Illustrator. It was a subclass of the kind of math you would need to represent objects in a virtual world. This virtual world I always thought of as Gibson's Cyberspace.

Right now I'm taking a class in 3-D animation. The tool we're using is Cinema 4D. It's an impressive tool, and (so far) straightforward to learn. And one of the tools is "HyperNURBS" -- I don't know what the "Hyper" part means yet, but the image in this post is my very first time actually using these NURBS thingies!

So that's a brief tale of my own personal experience of 3-D graphics, from fan, to knowledge, and now to application.3-D and MeIt seems like the more I learn, the more I realize I know nothing at all. I'm feeling humility today and yesterday and the day before. Humility before a higher power is how I think of it. It reminds me of 12-Step programs, one of which I got involved with a few years ago. Humility serves a good function. Tear down the arrogance, and that's when interesting stuff happens, that's when you become open to what the world might be trying to tell you. I make progress toward being a good communicator, towards being a responsible person, but adulthood eludes me. F for Fake. Or F for Flake.

WWOD? What would Orson do?

Though perhaps I'm hung up on labels, and "should"-ing myself about what I "should" be, what I "should" be doing.

I have had a busy week, but I got lost this week in terms of my responsibilities. I am not as smart as I thought I was. I run into roadblocks, I run into the hard thing... and I am stopped dead in my tracks. I am paralyzed. At that point bad habits kicked in, and I have suffered for it, and that suffering is transferred to those I love. Those I love a great deal. That sucks. And hurts. And is a failure.

But the lovely thing is I am in control of my own life, and I can do what I want to do. I can want to do better. I can make changes which have an impact on the conduct of my own life, and if I am lucky or God willing (should he / she / it exist), then those changes can have an impact on those I love a great deal.

I know nothing, but I am in charge of my own life, and all the self-loathing in the world (well, all the self-loathing comes from inside me, not the world) won't help a damn bit.

My name is Joe. I'm a human being, and I make mistakes. I might even make them in swirling curlicue patterns, thinking next time things will pull left, but there they go again pulling right. But I can recover from them and get better each time. I know that positive change is possible, because I've been there and done that.

The danger is in the hubris of thinking you have it all figured out. And that hubris is really just ignorance of the self. It's a lack of reflection of how imperfect we are. That's over. I feel it. I know nothing. And that is the beginning.
Thanks for listening. I doubt it made any sense, but it felt good.I know nothingNew day, new dawn, new adventures.

It's a good day.

Beautiful.

Improved.From today.

I, apparently need God.

Whether there is one or not, I need a label for a higher power. For the unknown. Not black cats and superstition. But for the things in this world which cannot be easily explained.
And when I say need, I mean need.

I am a Catholic Agnostic, but there is a higher power, even if that thing is simply the spark in us that is greater than us. The thing that is there in a babie's smile, in a sunset, in a beautiful painting, in a great movie, in a friendship, in love. In those things which will simply not submit to rationality and reproducibility and experiments. I need something to call it, and I'm calling it God. In all humility. This is a turnaround. I lost my faith in my twenties and God-damn the world which is so brutal and so inexplicable. And yet this is the world where I live, and I must be. Where I must carry out works. Where I must make a difference. Right now I miss working in the Hospital. Which is ironic, because I think I lost my faith seeing people suffer and die in hospitals.
So this labeling I'll call faith. This might be a mistake. Right now, I don't care, I need it.

I considered archiving all of artlung.com today. Thinking of starting fresh at joecrawford.com.

Lots of thoughts today. A rush. Today I need the comfort of that label. A higher power. My higher power. God. Is this desperation? I'm using my heart, and leading with my chin. Bring it on world. Bring it on. I will be myself. Whole. Humble. Forgiven?
It could get weird in here. I'm hopeful.6th Sunday in Ordinary TimeIn a comment, Geoff Young pointed to this: Chapter 71 of the Tao Te Ching...
Tao Te Ching - Lao Tzu - chapter 71

Knowing ignorance is strength.
Ignoring knowledge is sickness.

If one is sick of sickness, then one is not sick.
The sage is not sick because he is sick of sickness.
Therefore he is not sick.
On my mind today, in fact it's my mantra today, is a line from Catholic Mass, the prayer called "Glory Be":
As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end, Amen.
Somehow that's very comforting today.

And in the same thread, Jukebox sent me this, which is comforting today:



Thank you Gentlemen. Thank You.Tao Te Ching and Ork PhilosophersBe My ValentineIt's not the initial bits of recovery that are the hard bits... it's the middle bits that are the hardest.

Doing the hard thing, is hard.It's the middle bits.Autobiography in Five Short Chaptersby Portia Nelson

I. I walk down the street.


There's a deep hole in the sidewalk. 		I fall in. 		I am lost.....I am helpless;
it isn't my fault.

	It takes forever to find a way out.
II.  I walk down the same street.
There is a deep hole in the sidewalk. 		I pretend I don't see it. 		I fall in again. 	I can't believe I am in the same place;
but it isn't my fault.

	It still takes a long time to get out.
III.  I walk down the same street.
There is a deep hole in the sidewalk. 		I see it is there. 		I still fall in....it's a habit.
My eyes are open. 			I know where I am.

	It is my fault. 	I get out immediately.
IV.  I walk down the same street.
There is a deep hole in the sidewalk. 		I walk around it.

V.  I walk down a different street.RecoveryRevolutionary change requires change from within.

Affirmation/Mantra for the day:
I am capable of changing.ChangeJust for today I will respect my own and others' boundaries.Affirmation of the DayTUT's Adventurers Club - Take the Oath and Receive the Notes!
In the face of adversity, uncertainty and conflicting sensory information, I hereby pledge to remain ever mindful of the magical, infinite, loving reality I live in. A reality that conspires tirelessly in my favor.

I further recognize, that living within space and time, as a Creation amongst my Creations, is the ultimate Adventure, because thoughts become things, dreams come true, and all things remain forever possible.

As a Being of Light, I hereby resolve to live, love and be happy, at all costs, no matter what, with reverence and kindness for All. So be it!I took the OathAddress your needs:

Emotional
Spiritual
Intellectual
Physical

And be a beacon to the greater glory of God.

My cynical 20 and 30-something self, who, upon seeing person after person suffer and die in hospitals, scoffs at the above statement. Heck, I've just recently been able to say "God" and capitalize it and everything. I had not done so since High School.
Meanwhile, the 7-year self understands fully that the universe, while chaotic, is also a great deal of fun. And where's it come from, if not from God?

Here I am, 35 years old, and I am both these people, and more. I contain multitudes. I am belief and unbelief. I am realist and optimist and cynic. What I think and feel has a real impact on my life. These things *are* my life. And today, this morning, I think and feel that I am not a washed up child prodigy. I am not the boy genius who failed to live up to his potential. I am not a failure. These labels are not me, but they harpoon me, cutting a hole in me, subduing my true nature. Playful, instructive, passionate, loving, positive, enigmatic, enthusiastic.

How the Hell did I let the curmudgeon, the cynic, the naysayer, the lollygagger, the slug take over my outlook? And for years! I love those parts of me too, they are me, but they can't take control. They can't take things for granted. They can't let fantasy be more important than my life. They can't make me abandon the things I love.

This enthusiasm is scary because it feels so fleeting. When the humdrum hits, will the minus come back and snuff out the plus? How can I live and experience my life authentically and still feel the negative emotions? Feeling happy about everything is just another kind of unreality. I want to feel my feelings, and know that I am a person greater than just the sum of my feelings.

I am very thankful to my Transcendental Meditation instructor from High School. The tools I learned in that class have suddenly, 20 years later, proven very useful.

I feel like a pinata right now, bursting!

Integrity, Creativity, Honesty.

I'm back. Back with verve.

Onward.Memo to myself.I played racquetball last night.

I am sore with a capital SORE.

Aleve is my friend.

The backstory is that Back in August I posted mentioning looking for a partner here in Simi.

And last week, that call was answered, dude.

I've gained weight, but I was able to make some good shots. Didn't overtax my system, but I needed long breaks between games.

We're playing again next week.

Rock. Rock. On.

I went to Confession yesterday for the first time in 19 years. It seems my marriages (not in the Catholic Church) put me in a state which is not viable for  receiving the Sacrament of Reconciliation. This bums me out, but the priest was very nice, and had good advice for me, so I'm going to look into those options. Leah was very nice to me afterward. She could see how shook up I was by it.

Organized religion comes with some challenges, yo. They have rules. I want to run away from those rules, but navigating them is something I want to do, since I feel so strongly that it's the Catholic Church (present and past) that has been a catalyst for the change that has taken place inside me in the past week and a half.

In other news... did I mention I was sore? It feels kind of good though, I definitely worked muscles I have not worked in a long time.

A., who I played with (and lost 3 times to) is to be married in India. Traditional marriage. It is said that arranged marriages are:
...more successful than other marriages. They hold that the spouses in an arranged marriage begin without any expectations from each other, and that as the relationship matures, a greater understanding between the two develops, aided by their often similar socioeconomic and cultural backgrounds. In contrast, they feel that persons who enter into a marriage for romantic reasons often begin with unreasonable expectations, with little room for improvement but a great chance of failure.
Something to think about. Although I think marriages succeed and fail all the time, be they romantic, arranged, economic, or whatever. The question is really what kind of effort -- spiritual, emotional, intellectual, physical -- you're willing to put into them. Are you willing to be a partner who is there when things get hard? Sickness, health? Richer, poorer? Because life can get pretty rough brother. It gets really rough.
I am bringing, moving, pushing my actions (which have been slack) to match my passion and love for Leah, and for our partnership.Racquetball / Confession / MarriageI dig this one. Perfect timing.
Wherever a new disagreement emerges, Joe, so does new hope  for enlightenment, on both sides of the fence.

Oh joy,
The UniverseNote From the UniverseIt's a brand new day.

I have riches untold.

I am blessed.

Leah's is in San Diego now, visiting our friend Mickele.

I let my folks know what's up with me, and Leah, and the Church. They're more supportive than I ever would have thought. And yet I find myself unsurprised. I love them.

Tomorrow I'll go down to San Diego and pick Leah up and we'll go to the Family Reunion thing for my Pop's side of the family. We're looking forward to that.

Another morning, some more tears. Must be a brand new day.

What's a good affirmation from my handy-dandy list o' affirmations? Here's a good one:
"I am a child of God and I deserve Peace, Prosperity, and Serenity"
And even a better one, to remind me that dedication to the truth rocks:
"The pain that I might feel by remembering can't be any worse than the pain I feel by knowing and not remembering"
To top it off, I'm still sore from racquetball. I have a few days to recover before I play again.

Cold here. Rainy yesterday. Now? Bright blue skies and fluffy white clouds.

That cycle, rain yesterday, blue skies today, feels like a redemption cycle.

There is hope.Redemption SongThe rain's back. Sounds really nice on the roof.

Lovely, really. Redemption comes in waves? Life is a wheel? Good times and bad? minus and plus? Balance. Seek balance. I seek balance.
Currently watching: Danny Deck Chair

And getting some work done too.

Texted Leah. I hope her weather in San Diego is exactly what she needs.

Chocolate soy milk and a banana.

Yum. Day. Rocks.Rainy AgainLeah sent me this today.
Loving Each Day

If we're upset and confused, we're going to force our upset and confusion on somebody else. If two people are married and one has an emotional hang-up, that person may cause the other one emotional confusion, and then the marriage will be crippled. The existence will be crippled.

If someone around you is emotionally upset, tell that person not to put that on you. You can help that person work through it, but don't take that confusion and upset on yourself. You don't have to allow that.

Be selfish in a positive way.

- John-Roger
(From: Sex, Spirit and You, p. 73)Loving Each DayI'd like to rest my heavy head tonight
On a bed of California stars
I'd like to lay my weary bones tonight
On a bed of California stars

I'd love to feel
Your hand touching mine
And tell me why
I must keep working on

Yes I'd give my life
To lay my head tonight on a bed
Of California stars
by Wilco Woody Guthrie (thanks Jeff!).Lyrics of the Day"Struggle onward, bubba.  I'm rooting for  you."

Thanks Tom! Likewise.
Nice well wish from the cyber-aether.There was frost on the ground this morning here in Simi Valley.

Must be weather in honor of President's Day.

The frost crunched underfoot as I took the trash cans out.

Beautiful bright day now!FrostyTwo cartoonists weigh in on the Danish cartoon controversy.
Only Pictures?
SPIEGELMAN: I have spent a lot of time soul searching and still come out on the same side of the equation. If there's a right to make cartoons, there has to be a right to insult, and if there's no right to make cartoons, well, I'm in big trouble. And I think America might be too.
via Kynn.Cartoons are only pictures. Pictures have power.Dear Internet,

What can you tell me about the ManKind Project?

Can you recommend any Men's spiritual retreats?

Thanks,

JoeManKind Project: QuestionLeah makes lemonade from the bitter lemony harvest of ants that have been quietly haunting us for a few weeks.

I was impolite to her today. Curt. Short. Not cool, Joe. Not cool.

Cool your Jets Boy!

It's not easy being green.

Not easy to juggle priorities and be a grown up.

It would be nice if it were, but it must be something about being a mature adult.

Better next time. Better really better.

I love Leah. So how do I show her, even when I get frustrated? How do I not explode and get my upset all over her?

The key is to cool your jets, boy. Take your temperature, boy.

Watch that thermostat, boy.Truth via HumorSeparation

Song of Solomon

Rick Driving

Counselor

Racquetball

Lent

Couch

Sunshine

ManKind

Tools

Wailed On

Walk Over

Honesty

Commitment

Contract

A Deal's A Deal

Basketball Standard

Volvo

Shower

Orange Crush

Honesty (reprise)

Love

Class

Intention

Deadline

IntegrityTerms

Learning to play the guitar here. I find her extremely beautiful, inside and out. And look at that focus!My Wife Is BeautifulI'd love to see this. Given it's in Palo Alto up by Stanford, seems like a longshot. We'll see how well we get things together:
Stanford Institute for Creativity and the Arts | Stew
Stew's new musical, Passing Strange, is a work in progress that will be developed and performed at Stanford. The piece employs and toys with the time-honored tradition of the "musical travelogue" filtered through the black bohemian perspective of this acclaimed indie-rocker. It is commissioned by The Public Theater and Berkeley Repertory Theatre.Stew and Stanford and Passing StrangeWell, it's an old one, actually:



Scrabble Score is: 17

Made here.Word of the Day(actually, yesterday now)

Lead With Your Chin.

definition

Be gutsy. Be truthful. Be loving. Be authentic. Be love. Be real. Be risky. Be honest. Be spiritual. Be dogged. Be respectful. Be open. Be yourself.

Yo homes, ONWARD.Advice To Myself For The Day"Do one thing every day that scares you."

attributed to Eleanor Roosevelt.

and Tom Peters quoted her too.

also, Scared straight - 'Do one thing every day that scares you' forwarded to me by Leah.Quote of the Day

Skeptical, and on the verge of smiling, or possibly crying.

"Every Day is like Sunday"

From a Set by Leah.State of the UnionConstancy.Word of the DayOverheard by someone else, but a necessary koan nonetheless:
If I can't trust your 'no,' how can I trust your 'yes' ?
The concern this day is constancy. Of doing the right thing, for the right reasons, without trying to "sell" "win over" "impress" or otherwise manipulate another person.

I do that, it's not a good pattern. It's a disordered way to treat people.

I'm done with it. I vow to be who I am, regardless of who's watching.
Character is what you are in the dark.Question of the DayMatt made me laff when he said:

Next time I see Clay Shirky, I want a hug and a story of how it all makes sense somehow.

Speaking of which, I miss Clay's writings. Nothing new, no new newsletters or essays in a long time.

Maybe he really is sitting on the mountaintop somewhere, explaining NeoPets and MySpace.Mathowie on "Myutterconfusionspace"I'm not quite sure what to make of something called a Catholic Mormon Podcast.

"Hey you got your Mormon in my Catholic!"

"Hey, your Catholic got into my Mormon!"

Two great tastes that go great together!

...

It sure is a big internet.Catholic Mormon PodcastYo.

So Mass today was good. The homily was about Grace. Grace as in that "hand of God," possibly last seen inspiring Jules Winfield in Pulp Fiction.

Or maybe dropping down and bopping me on the head to go to Mass on the morning after Leah announced that we should be separated.  I was comforted.

Faith as desperation? Faith as need?

I always thought that was a bad way to go. Sort of like being the fairweather fan of a sports team. You know the type, if the team wins a pennant, they're wearing the hat. No wins, no pennant.

Well, I've kept rosaries and my Confirmation shawl and my First Communion book for a reason hoss. Not just because I collect stuff. Religion is part of my core. Imagine a computers operating system: I/O, processing, memory. Part of my kernel is and always has been running theist, Christian, and Catholic subroutines. I might ignore them, I might freeze them to a virtual disk, but they never went away.

Ignoring them was a mistake. They're back and strong. It's a fierce thing. Everything is new.

Today's readings included a phrase that Leah always chuckles/appreciates: "gird your loins"
USCCB - (NAB) - February 28, 2006
Therefore, gird up the loins of your mind, live soberly,
and set your hopes completely on the grace to be brought to you
at the revelation of Jesus Christ.
Like obedient children,
do not act in compliance with the desires of your former ignorance
but, as he who called you is holy,
be holy yourselves in every aspect of your conduct,
for it is written, Be holy because I am holy.
It gave me a smile.

Even moreso that the lines really meant something to me.

When I go to weekday Mass, I have to listen a little closer. They don't have all the readings in the missal, so I can't catch up and doublecheck against the reader. I have to listen. It's a nice discipline, though sometimes I can't understand the reader so well. The lay readers vary in their quality.

I remember I have read in Mass a few times, a very few. It was a great honor. It was a part of attending Catholic School for many of my grade school and high school years. Today I imagined myself... no, scratch that, I saw myself reading as a young man. With puffy cheeks and longish hair. Maybe 12 years old. Awkward, but intense, and usually pretty smiley.

I think of that kid, he went to Mardis Gras in New Orleans. An old American city. An old French city. A city in ashes. I lived there. I touched that city and feel I understand it. Always remaking itself. Decay and rebirth. Preservation Hall Jazz Band. Vieux Carre. A very Catholic city. Interesting that it sits there in my personal history. I missed Fat Tuesday today, but I'll get there again someday.
I used to think about being a Priest. I thought about that today, as one of the intentions was for the vocations -- being Nuns and Priests. It was a silly thought to me, I mean to the today-me, I do not long for a life enmeshed in prayer and contemplation. I want a life of partnership and stewardship. I a looking at my role as a stepdad in a different way. I was reviewing sin on some website and it talked about an interpretation of the commandment to "honor thy father and mother" where the honor goes both ways, both to the parents, and also to the children. And failing to honor your children was thought of as a sin. It's an important vocation for me. That and of course honoring my wife. I wonder if that one goes with that commandment as well.

I don't know if I buy it, but it seems not a bad principle, regardless.

Aside: I have amazing parents. They've been amazingly supportive. I now have a rosary that originally belonged to my Grandfather. Incidentally named Jesus. He died many years ago, but his spirit I know I carry with me.
Hmm. What else?Wabi-sabi. I had heard this term before, but I never quite understood it. I'm not actually sure I understand it now. It's something to do with the beauty of things as they age and are impermanent.

It reminded me of Leah and the way she talks about her paintings. My wife uses natural materials in her work, seed pods, bark, leaves, dirt, rocks. These materials age. Leah talks about how her paintings are meant to age and decay over time, and that's part of the work. For some reason it really moved me to think about this aspect of her aesthetic point of view.

One of my favorite songs is "Nothing is Permanent" by Brave Combo, it's a great site:
Nothing is permanent
Nothing will last forever
Nothing is permanent

Rain falls and turns to mud
And then it dries and blows away, away
Grass grows in yards of green
And then it gets too tall and causes worry

Need leads to satsified
Which doesn't last so long and well
You know

All things, always change
And change is fast if it's not slow

Nothing is permanent
Nothing will last forever
Nothing is permanent

Where was the neighborhood
Before they marked off all the streets and roads
Who came to live here first
And does it really matter
I don't think so
New stores of few design
Look old and dated long before they fall
Buildings of any sort are just lean-tos and that's all

Nothing is permanent
Nothing will last forever
Nothing is permanent
I quite like that.

I especially like: "All things, always change / And change is fast if it's not slow"
Yeah. I like that.

It's about decay, but it's also about possibility.

Not a bad sentiment for Lent, coming real soon now. Ash Wednesday is tomorrow.

All things end.

But there is also rebirth to consider.

So turns the wheel, as the Buddhists might point out.

Everything is new.

Everything decays.

Two truths, that go great together.Fat Tuesday, Gird Loins, Wabi-sabiTake10Now.com just launched. Rory Cohen will be on the TV show The View tomorrow (March 2nd, 2006) with her transgendered son, Tye, of http://asktye.com/

Hope you all check out the sites and check out the show! These are all Crawberts.com productions, and we're pretty proud of them.Take10Now.com Launches / The ViewNot a bad article. Requires free registration on the VenturaCountyStar website.
Ventura County Star: Business: Business blogging is blooming

That happened to Leah Peterson of Simi Valley, who posts interviews with other bloggers as a feature on her personal site.

One of the bloggers, who has a lot of traffic on his site, linked to her site and overwhelmed it with more traffic than it could handle. Peterson remedied the situation, but it was a reminder that an interesting post can change blog traffic levels.

Peterson has a background in photography, art and writing. She runs Crawberts.com, a Web development company, with her husband, Joe Crawford.

"Very rarely do I write about anything business-ey on my blog," she said.

Even so, she said she found before long that her blog was leading to business connections that wouldn't have formed otherwise.

"We don't have to advertise as much," she said. "We don't have to go out looking for work as much. The word of mouth spreads instantly."

The blog became a good place to contact people and network.

She recently posted a job ad on her blog looking for programmers  then took the opportunity to talk about those things they were looking for beyond what was mentioned in the ad, such as integrity, a strong work ethic and "know your stuff as well as you say you do."

Peterson said there is a balance between being honest and creative while still being careful about what she posts. She makes sure to ask clients if they are OK with her mentioning contract work in the blog.

When she goes looking for people, Peterson said, one of the first things she does is look for a blog or personal Web site. She expects that others do the same.

"I think people want to know what the people are really like behind the business," she said.
Nice work Leah!Blogging for Business Article in Ventura County Star Features Leah, Crawberts, and ISunday morning Tyler and I, and then Leah, and Tony, were drawn into a discussion of farts, and whether they were the product of Satan, or God. It was a pretty good discussion which turned out to have general agreement that farts are not generally good or evil -- they are of us and our bodies, created by God, so they're neutral.

The question in the world is "How we use that gas?" Are we passing gas to the greater glory of God?

Silly, I know, but it gave us all a chance to talk about the inherent nature of the world, and how we can act in concert with or out of concert with, our Higher Power.

In my experience, discussing farts with teen and tween boys was a valuable "teachable moment" -- in part because it was a valuable teachable moment for me.

And I'm not really kidding at all.The Gas We PassThe First:
It is... axiomatic that we should all think of ourselves as being more sensitive than other people because, when we are insensitive in our dealings with others, we cannot be aware of it at the time: conscious insensitivity is a self-contradiction.
-- W. H. Auden

The Second:
Like everything which is not the involuntary result of fleeting emotion but the creation of time and will, any marriage, happy or unhappy, is infinitely more interesting than any romance, however passionate.
-- W. H. Auden

Who, Joe? Him.W. H. Auden QuotesFrom Loving Each Day:
Remember that your state of mind, the way you feel about yourself, powerfully contributes or not to your well being depending on whether your attitude is uplifting or not.Watchword of the DayApropos of life:
From Lincoln's Second Inaugural Address:
With high hope for the future, no prediction in regard to it is ventured.Quote of the DayThis geeky page merges two of my interests: religion and comics. There are indeed some Catholics in here:
Religion of Comic Book Characters
This page focuses on fictional comic book characters -- mostly from Marvel and DC -- who are adherents of real-world (not purely fictional) religions.

We want this page to be as accurate as possible, backed up by objective, published information and not based on conjecture. We do not want this listing to be slanted toward any particular denominational or religious viewpoint. It is intended to accurately report the composition of comic book character religiosity.Religions of Comic Book CharactersIn Kelly Abbott's article on iMedia Connection: Maven-Mapping for Fun & ProfitsMedia Mention of Me

Hey, I forgot to mention that last week Crawberts launched a new site for Barkman! -- it's at http://www.workinrhythm.com/ . I think it's a nice piece of work. And Barky even . Yup, we do that, we install blogs for people.
Barkman Launch!So back in july I posted Steampunk Anglo Warrior, 1990, and I mentioned V for Vendetta, getting lots of press for being a rabble rousing movie. I was perusing my giant list-o-feeds from the San Diego Bloggers site which pointed me to this post and which in turn pointed me to this Interview with Alan Moore. It's coming out tomorrow, and Monday is my birthday, so I think my birthday gift to myself is to see it this weekend.

I read this post by James Wolcott last month and it got me thinking the thing would be quiote good. I have high hopes for it.

Randomalia: Beautiful weather today.  Boys won their basketball game last night in a very tense match. Tyler was *everywhere* on the court, and Tony was Mr. Rebound. And I was telling Leah and Dev about the USC/Berkeley Basketball Prank. Kind of an icky scenario. Speaking of Dev, I'm a bit worried about Devon, he's not sleeping, as far as I can tell. Alex may be working with us soon, which will be cool. And Leah has a cold which occasionally produces lots of nasal drips. But dude, she's so strong, she made great spaghetti last night anyway. And don't tell the boys, the "meat" in the sauce was actually tofu ground-beef-a-like. Class is good, I have some pictures and a movie to post soon, but not just this second. I'm feeling pretty good. Made some contracts with myself to carry out before Monday. We'll see how I do. Life is pretty good. Learning lots, paying attention. Avoiding Mr. Capricious, embracing Mr. Plus. And oh, got a haircut last Sunday. Real short. Apparently what I wanted was a #4 on the sides, and a #6 on top. What are these barber numbers? Hirstute argot.V for VictoryI told you before I was taking a class in 3D graphics and animation. Here's a render of my most elaborate model to date. I'm proud of it. I learned a great deal on it, trying to get some organic, elegant forms working.



The basis of the model was this:



Each member of the class had a different one to work with. The instructor dug mine.

I also made a very short animation featuring this character and you can download it from here.

Update: or you can view it right here:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQ4LOnXJihA

Comments and critiques welcome.Bauhaus 3D ModelWhoa. Today I am 36 years old.

It's a beautiful day, and everything is new!I am 36."This is the day that the Lord has made, let us rejoice and be glad in it"

Which sounds a little bit like the sentiment here.

I like saying "Onward" -- but I think my new thing to say is "Everything is new."

Or maybe there's lots of different things to say. Yeah, that sounds right.

Rock on.On the writeboard up in the bedroom this morningGanzfeld experiment

The ganzfeld ("total field") experiment uses audio and visual sensory deprivation to test for extra-sensory perception (ESP).

There are claims that this experiment yields results that deviate significantly from randomness, and represent some of the strongest experimental evidence for psi phenomena to date. As with all purported psi phenomena, these claims are highly controversial within science in general and even within parapsychology. The debate is well-documented in parapsychology journals and in articles such as those referred to below.


via voidmstr on web405
Word of the Day: GanzfeldThere are two whiteboards in my living room.

One is full of notes for a project in development.

It rained like crazy today.

Lots of work being done, and lots  of work to do.

Pondering artistic outlets today.

I'm thinking about my dish-doing as an indicator of the lack of resentment and passive-aggression, and I suppose I'm surprised to see how a change in outlook that seems small can have dramatic consequences -- in a positive way -- in my life.

This weekend Tyler and his buddies worked on a project for school. It was a blast going to Michael's (local craft store) and watching them pick out styrofoam and fake trees.

It's been a heckuva day, on a number of levels.

Every day is new, and this one was hard, and busy, and great.WhiteboardsRead my lovely wife Leah on History Day, featuring Tyler and friends, and some generalizations about girls and boys and projects involving glue guns, styrofoam, and posterboard.

Sho' 'nuff.
History ProjectsLeah and I will be speaking about websites at MacGathering -- here's the instructors.
We'll be speaking at MacGathering in May 2006

In fact, we're cute as heck in that one.

Photo by the inimitable Leah.We're not bad looking at allOn the April Fool's after my eighteenth birthday, I got caught being a fool.

So that was 1988. That's 18 years again since the event. So I'm twice as old now as I was then. Maybe twice as wise. Maybe even 18 times as wise.

Part of living an authentic life is being able to look at ones faults, and where one has wronged others. And I think yesterday and today one of the things on my mind is this particular 18-year old event. I won't belabor it, or detail it too closely. Maybe next year. Since the event occurred, I have never directly apologized to the person who was on the receiving end of my disordered thinking. I'm not sure I'll ever get a chance to.

There was a chance meeting many years ago, but we were in a group of friends, and that would not have been the time. It was an excruciating, scary moment.

I don't want to go into details, but I somehow feel I need to get into some of the details of it or else you're all going to think -- well, I don't know -- but I'm unafraid cautious about detailing it all. For years I would talk to nobody about it, and I carried it around as a cross, a sackcloth, burning into my skin.

It still pricks at my conscience, but mostly as to the inability to make amends more than anything else. In 12-Step programs they talk about making amends except where to do so would calse even more pain. Not knowing this person anymore, I don't know if it's possible.

The short version of the story is that I became obsessed with the idea of a relationship with a certain other person. This idea was wonderful and terrifying. I, as a young man of 16 / 17, was unable to express my own heart in a way that was unafraid. So I did not. Instead, I began anonymously leaving notes for this person. Cryptic notes, what I thought might be romantic notes. Yes, unsigned. I left them on her car, I left them anywhere she went. I left them stealthily.

I thought I was the cleverest thing since Cyrano de Bergerac. I had no idea how it would be resolved, but I thought "this is what people do, they are romantic and they are interesting."
I was not, and I ended up terrifying this girl, and her family. And it all culminated in the back of a squad car with me in handcuffs. I was not arrested, just scared to death by the police officers who claimed that I'd get "a new boyfriend" if I did this ever again. Sobbing in a squad car.

This was not the romantic ending I forsaw. It was a pathetic outcome, and was my first taste of how wrong I could be about something.

It was April Fool's Day. And I was indeed an April Fool. This was no joke.

The political bloggers talk about "the reality-based community." Well, my teenage self was certainly not a member of that. I was in a world of fantasy then. I think it's taken until this year for me to really come to grips with what it means to live not in fantasy, but in reality. This year I became a grown-up, and it's been a difficult slog. But it's been worthwhile because I have had a taste of Grace with a capital "G."

Somehow, life is a blessing, and not sackcloth.

I am a blessed man. Check out that picture.

Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you that the truth shall set you free.

Thanks for listening.

Joe. 02/April/2006.Anniversary of The April FoolHey you kid! Want to hear some tasty new tracks from Olivia Rex? Get on over to:Olivia Rex: Listen now to hear the scoop. She's seriously awesome.

You should hear her live!Olivia Rex with some new songsEvery DAY is new!

Always hope.

Always.Did you forget brother?This morning I went to an early Mass at a Church with which I was previously unfamiliar. It was held in a small chapel. Very nice. But at the end, there were several prayers with which I was unfamiliar. The one that stood out to me is this one:

Prayer to St. Michael the Archangel:
Saint Michael the Archangel,
defend us in battle.
Be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil.
May God rebuke him, we humbly pray;
and do Thou, O Prince of the Heavenly Host -
by the Divine Power of God -
cast into hell, satan and all the evil spirits,
who roam throughout the world seeking the ruin of souls.

Amen.
I sort of like it, and I sort of am cowed by the intensity of the thing. But It got my attention and got me to look up Michael, who I sort of remember, sort of. Here's more information on him on wikipedia: Michael (archangel) which says:
Michael is one of the principal angels in Abrahamic tradition; his name was said to have been the war-cry of the angels in the battle fought in heaven against Satan and his followers.
It also says:
The Catholic Church honors Michael with four main titles or offices. He is the Christian angel of death, carrying the souls of all the deceased to heaven, where they are weighed in his perfectly balanced scales (hence Michael is often depicted holding scales). At the hour of death, Michael descends and gives each soul the chance to redeem itself before passing, thus consternating the devil and his minions. Michael is the special patron of the Chosen People in the Old Testament and is guardian of the Church; it was thus not unusual for the angel to be revered by the military orders of knights during the Middle Ages. Last, he is the supreme enemy of Satan and the fallen angels.
This stuff fascinates me.

I suppose in some ways we all do battle. What do you do battle with?Michael The ArchangelMany sets of religious beliefs have a particular spirit, deity, demon or angel whose responsibility is to escort newly-deceased souls to the afterlife, such as Heaven or Hell. These creatures are called psychopomps, from the Greek word psuchopompos, literally meaning the "guide of souls".
PsychopompWord of the day: psychopompThis applies to HTML, JavaScript, and CSS equally well. Concerned about someone being able to see your code? Get over it.
Minification v Obfuscation  Yahoo! User Interface Blog
Then finally, there is that question of code privacy. This is a lost cause. There is no transformation that will keep a determined hacker from understanding your program. This turns out to be true for all programs in all languages, it is just more obviously true with JavaScript because it is delivered in source form. The privacy benefit provided by obfuscation is an illusion. If you dont want people to see your programs, unplug your server.Best Web Code Comment Ever
I'm terrifically busy right now work-wise.
Waiting on some answers on some big potential clients.
Money = tight
San Diego Blog is taking ads more directly now. Buy one!
Thanks to JeSais, you can buy San Diego Blog T-Shirts here, and you can also buy Mugs!
Palm Sunday mass 2 days ago was pretty awesome.
I bought a crucifix and am wearing it right now. Pondering the meaning of it.
Leah and I are rocking out.
Missed an important meeting last night. Bummed about it but There'll be another one soon enough.
Got to see some video of the 22 year old me. Whoa. Trippy 14 year old video.
Rhonchi.com going intermittently strong. Lots of chatter on the nets about avian flu and mechanical ventilation.
Nice new essay from Joel on Software.
I'm feeling pretty good lately all around. Good feeling and good living.
My Life In The Bush of Ghosts has been re-released. That's really cool.
You know I work for Crawberts and we do web design, right?  Well, hire us already!
I also put stuff up over on my LiveJournal sometimes.
I'm feeling pretty good these days, though my hair feels long right now. With very short haircuts, 2 weeks can get you shaggy pretty fast.
Did I mention San Diego Blog? Well, it's really going well these days. I love the content that folks come up with. I want it to also generate some revenue that exceeds the costs. I make more from my ads on various parts of artlung.com than I do from there. This suprises me, and I want SDB to pull its' own weight a bit more. How do I do that? I'm open to suggestions!
I mention again that Leah and I are speaking at MacGathering. Registration is open for that now! See you there?
I really like green olives stuffed with jalapenos. Tasty!
I think that's all I have for the moment.
Here's the photo now, it's of Devon and me watching Tony do the shotput:

Items of Note, and a PhotographDead tired, dude.

But not too dead tired to check some email and do some work.

Utah is lovely.

Wedding for Alison on Saturday.

Wotta day.14 Hours of DrivingBack from our trip.

Tired.

Getting back in the swing of things.

Good morning y'all!Back. Tired.Utah Trip Collage, 2006coming this week I hope:
Zion (a good question)

Hiding Eggs

The Extra Bone Bet

Carrying Dirt Is For The Young

Cherry Blossoms

Ingrown Toenail

Tyler's Red VomitPosts That Might BeA fellow 3ones member, James Leland, photographer and artist, has been having some serious troubles this past year.

From his website, jamesleland.com:
The other day I got an e-mail from a friend about a rent party for a charity group he was affiliated with. My first inclination was to help him, but instantly it hit me that I am far past being broke. I have been unable to generate income for more than a year now due to an affliction I suffer called Crohn's Disease. At this point my rent and other bills are far past due. For the past several weeks I have beeen recieving a new treatment in the hospital in hopes of turning my situation around. The result has been slight, but promising. In the meantime I have what seems to be insurmountable medical and other bills that frankly I need help with. I am trying to sell prints to pull me as far out of this quagmire as I can. If you are in a position to purchase a print and help I would appreciate it beyond words. Please have a look at the gallery of images I have posted online here. these framed images are for sale at $800 each. If nothing in this gallery appeals to you please do not hesitate to e-mail me to discuss other unframed image options. These are desperate times for me, and I pray that help will arrive soon. Each of my photos are unique. I do not print editions of anything. They are each one of a kind. I am far past the end of my rope and now have to count on the generosity of others to pull me from this steel door trap. I would appreciate it if you would forward this on to anyone you feel would possibly be interested. Thank you in advance.
He's a brilliant photographer. Moody, analog, one-of-a-kind photography. Evocative, emotional, wonderful stuff. Some of the artwork contains nudity, but it's not the sole subject matter of James' work.
$800 is a fair price for truly unique works of art. If that is out of your particular price range, perhaps you would be interested in some of his other work, in the sale gallery
http://jamesleland.com/sale/ . All images in that gallery are $150. Well worth the price.
Please spread the word about James' work, and these works on sale.James Leland: Photos For SaleOn the drive from Mount Pleasant to Kanab, we drove the 89 south. We passed several signs that mentioned "Zion" in one form or another. Zion National Park is not too far away, and many businesses are named for Zion in one name or another.

Tyler, sitting in the front seat, and recuperating from his earlier vomiting episode, asked me, "Joe, what's Zion mean?" Ty is 12 years old.
I answered him, "it's the national park around here, very pretty apparently."

"No, I mean what is it, what's it mean?"

"Ah, where's the word come from? That's a very good question, there are several uses of Zion around. The first one I can think of is that 'Zionists' are those who are in favor of returning the Jews to Isreal. In that sense I think it means something like "homeland" or "home." This was my first answer. "Another sense is that Rastafarians refer to Zion as a kind of promised land, seeing themselves as a kind of lost tribe." I believe that there are also uses of the word in The Book of Mormon sort of like this, but I don't really know the details of that."
We were both quiet for a while.

Then I added: "It's a word that means a lot of different things to different people, but basically it's a good place, home."

He very quickly said, "and there's the city of Zion in The Matrix."

I replied "I hadn't even thought of that, but yes, absolutely -- there's an example of the creators using a word with a lot ot meaning in their own work."

I was pretty surprised by two things in this little "on the road" interchange. The first is that even without access to Wikipedia (Zion), I didn't do too bad in my answer. The second is that Tyler's question was a really good one. One which made me want to do further research for myself. Also, I had forgotten about the Matrix connection altogether, and the connection was quite germane, and it was Ty who brought it to the table here.

It's moments like that that make a long drive fun. And do read that Zion article, it's pretty interesting stuff. I was not precisely correct, but my Rasta comment was right on.
(See also: Posts that might be)Zion (a good question)Leah was not feeling real hot, so on Easter it fell to me to hide the eggs in Grandma & Grandpa's backyard. Tyler could not get in on it, he was feeling too ill to compete. If you know Tyler, you know that that indicates he was really really sick. The boy has competitive spirit in his bones.

I had a blast hiding eggs. I hid them in the taller grass along the raised planters. In the holes in the fence, under and on the playground equipment. And it was even more fun watching Dev, Alex, and Tony search for the eggs. They were pretty fast, but only one or two stumped them. All told I hid 41 eggs. As a stepparent I have  little if any real authority over the kids, except to back up and support my wife. If she was gone I would have no legal rights or responsibilities whatsoever toward the kids. But man, as a guy with no biological kids of my own I am really starting to "get" the parenting thing. There's a lot of fun to be had. Of course, there's plenty of stress and sturm und drang as well, but the positive perks are really fun.

I totally want to do it again next year.

There may be photos later in the week of some of the searching.

(See also: Posts that might be)Hiding EggsSo this little anecdote is not from the trip to Utah, it's from the weekend before, after the boys' track meet.

The boys were explaining to me that black kids are faster because there's an extra bone in their ankles. Inside my skull, a million angry neurons fired as I tried to think of the proper response to race-based physiological malarkey coming from the mouths of the kids whose education I have partially taken on as part of my role as stepparent.

I caught as much of my adrenaline in my throat as I could, then I opened my mouth. My response was, "No, there is not an extra bone in the ankles of blacks."

Ty said to me, "yes there is, Devon totally looked it up and showed me it." I said, "okay, that's great, but I don't believe you. It's not true."

I can't remember now who suggested a bet, but either Ty or I said "what do you bet me that this is so/not so." Now, Tyler is an ace poker player. Even at 12 years old, he does pretty well. He likes a good bet, and he was ready to wager. He also knows me, and knows that I have a broad base of general knowledge. Also, given he's been around me going on four years now. We've had a few bets of a penny, or a quarter, or a dollar. I think the max was maybe five bucks. When I'm not very confident, I'll say "yeah, but I'd only bet 5 cents for that one" or "that's about a five dollar bet." There's a direct relationship between my confidence level and the amount of the bet.
How much did I say I would bet? I offered, "fifty, no... one hundred and fifty dollars. If you can prove to me that black people have an extra bone in their ankles I lose." This is not an idle bet. Tyler is a very hard worker, and has saved money from mowing lawns. He would be good for it. I was daring him to bet me, really.

Leah chastises me, gently, "come on, give him a bet he can actually make!" (She told me later she found my behavior a little juvenile, and she's perfectly right about that, but I also have very strong feelings on the subject of race, and though I was a little amped up with outrage, it was not really an uncharacteristic moment for me).

I say "we could use the money!! -- hey, wait, make the bet eight hundred and fifty dollars, are you interested?" I offer my hand. Will he take the wager?

Ty regards my hand with a kind of horror. I like to think it's at this point he knows that I'm right. But he's still unsure, which is perfectly valid. I mention that I have taken anatomy and physiology. I put down my wager-hand and Dev comes around. A laptop comes out, and internet research commences. Search terms are tried -- "black" and "african american" and other various searches are tried. I put my attention elsewhere. The pro-extra bone contingent come up with nothing. They're a little disappointed. It feels a little like I've killed an ant with a bazooka. But I'm not unhappy with my conduct. I didn't lose my temper or lose my breath arguing. I put my money precisely where my mouth was.
Dev and Tyler keep searching, but then we're onto the next thing, we're to go out to dinner for pizza. The subject is changed.

In the car, later, Leah mentions the episode to me, a little aghast at how I handled it. I admit it was a strong reaction, and I know that it would not be how she would have handled it. But instead of feeling guilty about it, I re-run the interaction in my head and I'm happy with how I handled it. I tell her so. Nobody got hurt, and even feelings were not hurt. A claim was made, a strong and bizarre one. I objected strongly. And I did what I did in the spirit of not tolerating pseudoscientific bull. Who knows where this extra bone theory came from. It's so bizarre, and like a weed in a garden. It has to be plucked out. This kind of wive's tale thinking has to be challenged. Why it has to be me, and why I tend to get self-righteous about it is an issue that I need to do some personal self-examination about, but the weeds are out there. I have no shame for being a little nuts about it.

Even now, I think a week later, the notion gets my dander up, and I'm happy with how I handled it. I might be a little crazy, but I was really sure of my facts.

Leah also mentioned privately to me that in the interim (after the bet and before pizza), a website was found about the controversy. The problem was it was a debunking site, and it basically disproved their contention.

(See also: Posts That Might Be)The Extra Bone BetSay that my mother-in-law brings dirt, in large boxes, to one of her daughters. These are heavy boxes, very heavy boxes like the ones reams of paper come in. Filled with moist earth intended for gardening.

There are three boxes. Young men, two grandsons carry two of them.

The third box is carried by two of the sons-in-law, together. And even together, these are heavy boxes. Old (well, thirtysomething and fortysomething) men know their limitations, and know to protect their backs.

The young might not have learned this lesson yet. Or maybe they're just stronger!

(See also: Posts That Might Be)Carrying Dirt Is For The YoungDriving south on Route 89 in Utah, specifically through the small towns, I noticed that many of the houses right on 89 had pretty cherry blosson trees in their front yards. They were pink and bright in the lovely sunshine on Easter morning.

For some reason I really liked seeing that adornment.

Later we talked about adornment with tattoos and piercings, and their moral right or wrongness at Leah's folks' place. I find them to be morally neutral, basically.

Does that make the cherry blossoms neutral? Why am I suddenly reminded of the discussion of the gas we pass conversation?

Sadly, we took no photos of the cherry blosson trees, but in my mind's eye, there they are, pink and bright and beautiful.

(See also: Posts That Might Be)Cherry BlossomsYeah, horrible. I have one again. It's been a few years.

I cut my right toenail too short, then I pushed a gas pedal for 14 hours. This is a terrible state of affairs.

Must. Soak. Feet.

(See also: Posts That Might Be)Ingrown ToenailRolling down the 89, we're suddenly in a teeny town, doing 35, mindful of the possibility that the local constable might want to give us and our California license-plated van a ticket, when suddenly we see this:



Which reminded everyone of the scavenger hunt game we had played looking for "farm equipment on a pillar" just the day before. I initially drive right past it -- a block past it. We want to take a picture, one of us. I forget who. I pull over to the right and stop.

Then I make a u-turn and begin driving I drive a block, and then suddenly, from the back, Tyler says "Stop, stop" -- there are some cars coming, and I do my best to make a left turn into the driveway, and Ty has his mouth covered, and is getting up from the back set and going towards the door, now opened for him. He makes it to the door, then one step out, then SPLAT! -- out comes Ty's red gatorade. He had not been feeling well, so had declined breakfast, or that would have been there too.

I went into high-alert mode, what do we do? what can we do? And Leah says to me "it's okay Joe" -- which somehow snapped me back into reality and I was not amped up as though ready for a Code Blue at the hospital. I really don't have a lot of experience with simple sick-kid stuff. If someone's heart stops, I know precisely what to do. If someone stops breathing, I know what to do. But a simple vomiting episode or other child-crisis tends to bring in "Code Blue" Joe. I like to think that in the next kid-emergency moment, I'll be able to be be ready and calm on my own.

(See also: Posts That Might Be)Tyler's Red VomitI love that when flickr makes its' 75 pixel by 75 pixel thumbnail of the San Diego Blog logo, the only letters showing are "ego."

To wit:
"ego"Two terms that are sort of fascinating the sort of odd, and which I thought were more widely distributed, and which I really like, are: "word finding" and "word salad:"

Word salad:
In the mental health field, word salad (originally from the German Wortsalat) is used to describe the symptom of confused, and often repetitious, language that is symptomatic of various mental illnesses. It is usually associated with a manic presentation and other symptoms of serious mental illnesses, such as psychoses, including schizophrenia. It describes the apparently confused usage of words with no apparent meaning or relationship attached to them. In this context, it is considered to be a symptom of a formal thought disorder. In some cases word salad can be a sign of asymptomatic schizophrenia; e.g. the question "Why do people believe in God?" elicits a response like "Because he makes a twirl in life, my box is broken help me blue elephant. Isn't lettuce brave? I like electrons, hello."
Word finding:
Word-finding is a common, and often annoying, problem. Almost every head-injured person has this problem to some degree. Head-injured people may talk normally; speech flows evenly and it's easy to understand. But they'll have this very odd problem--they'll know the word they want to say but just can't come up with it. Professionals call this "anomia," which means "can't name". Everyone has an occasional anomia; those with a head injury have it frequently. It is particularly annoying if you are dealing with people all day long. For example, it will stand out if you've got to give a lecture to 100 people and you stumble over words. You develop poor self-esteem because you're just not sure of what you're saying anymore. A variation on this problem is that you say the wrong word. Instead of saying, "pass me the spoon", you might say "pass me the noon." Or, instead of using a similar sounding word, you may use an entirely wrong word. Instead of "pass me the spoon," you may say, "pass me the car." You may not even recognize that you said the wrong word until people point it out to you.Word Terms of the Day

Previously: Hiding EggsPhoto from the EgghuntWas up all night working, not a great night.

Sometimes it's really hard to believe that each day is a new day.Not a great knightit's hokey, but it's a nice basis for some other things. why didn't i go looking for this last night when i was slamming my head against stupid code? ugh.


function trim(str)
{
  while(''+str.charAt(0)==' ') {
      str=str.substring(1,str.length);
  }
  while(''+str.charAt(str.length-1)==' ') {
      str=str.substring(0,str.length-1);
  }
  return str;
}
JavaScript trim() functionYuck.

This is the latest in a series of failures in the last 24 hours.

Eolas and Microsoft are cheesing me off this afternoon."Click to activate and use this control"Track meet, some work, chilling.

The day is a little somber. Theme: atonement. They say time heals all wounds. I have trust that that is so. Though I can scarcely believe it at the moment. Affirmations, don't fail me now!

I need a haircut, too. Self-serve, or splurge on the real thing?

Decisions, decisions.AgendaOne of my favorite movies is Running on Empty. I don't remember the first time I saw it, but it never fails to move me. It's about a couple who are 15 years on from a bombing of a napalm factory. They're on the run, wanted as terrorists. The wrinkle is that they have two kids, boys, one is maybe 10, the other 17. The movie is about the older boy's struggle with living in a world he did not make. It's one of River Phoenix's best roles.
I identify with the movie. Not just one character, the whole movie.
We moved around a lot when I was a kid. We were itinerant. Always moving. The father reminds me of my dad. And the father reminds me of me. He's circumspect, he's cautious, he tries to defend the family. He does what he needs to because it's what's right. But he's inflexible, and he always knows best.

My father moved us around a lot when I was a kid. I think I often felt like I had not made my world. What kid does? In retrospect I think I never felt in charge of my own destiny. I think maybe I never felt in charge of my own destiny until I hit my twenties.

The first time I felt intimidated by and proud of my independence was talking on the phone with my sister. I had moved away, to Charlottesville, to work at the University of Virginia. My sister called me, and she was crying. I remember her saying "it's bad." My parents were fighting and separated, and it was tearing my sister up. I was 22, and she was 15. I told her she could come and stay with me. I remember hanging up the phone and being shocked at the realization that I had an income, and if she wanted it, she really could move up and stay with me. As I write this I feel sad, thinking about that moment. My parents somehow got through that time in their lives, and together.
Back to the movie. River's character plays music, and he wants to play music. He's urged to apply to Juliard. He wants both things, a life outside, and his family.

But the setup of the movie, his family is on the run from the FBI. It's a great story, and not an impossible scenario. I know there were activists from the 1960s on the run from their crimincal activities as late as the mid-1990s. It's also a great archetype to use for the struggle between the loyalty to oneself versus loyalty to family.

This is a movie I want to share with the whole family.

The movie makes me cry. The father tells the kid what to do, and the kid doesn't do it. The father is fun and charming and smart, and he can steamroller the son. The kid is wary of everyone. Taught to be paranoid, taught to NEVER TRUST ANYONE. I still have these threads in my personality.

This is a not much of a movie review, is it?

It's said that our strengths are our weaknesses, and this is most certainly true. My youth and teen years were the foundation of my life, and in that sense I love them. But I hate them too. So much I regret and am angry about. I look at this film and I see a mataphor for my life. There's hope in this movie, hope that one can move from the life one has, to the life one wants. And in no small part, this requires the help of family, and forces outside the family. And it requires there to be some trust. And of course, such transitions are always painful.

It's a good movie. Nobody's a caricature. They seem like they're real people, with real motivations and real complexities. Movies distort life. One dimensional characters simplify things in a way that people aren't. We're dynamic in ways even we don't seem to kow about.

The past few months I've been getting to know myself again, and not everything is stuff I like. However, I've been changing and evolving, growing and learning. Life moves on. As ever, I say "onward" as a way to recognize that life is a journey, a complicated one. A hard one. A wonderful one.

Onward.Running On EmptyOvercast today. Good day though.

On the agenda: work.

On the head: uncut hair.

On my mind: serenity.12:12Sometimes people think your stuff is cool. And somehow, an old illustration of mine inspired a blog post by the enigmatic Craig Conley. Check it out! Abecedarian Web Log: Semicolon's Dream Journal

I feel honored! And looking at the illustration, which I think was drawn in maybe 1990 or so, I actually still quite like it.

I wonder if there really is a "Dusty, Arizona?"Semicolon's Dream JournalPretty cool : Leahpeah: Intrepid Internet Interviewer

BlogHer mission is:
to create opportunities for women bloggers to pursue exposure, education, and community.Leahpeah featured on BlogHer BlogI really enjoyed this Matt Groening interview. More or less for Sassy.

I've been enjoying Matt G's work since I was about 15 years old, with the original Life In Hell comic strips which were syndicated to the San Diego Reader. I saw him speak at the old San Diego Civic Theater which is in the heart of downtown. This was at Comic Con, maybe 1988 or 1989. It was really inspirational to see this person who had become a hero to me start to get some acclaim and his point of view would be getting onto television! The buzz for the Simpsons, even before it came out, was pretty huge among the indie comics fans of the day. I still laugh at his stuff, including watching Futurama with my stepkids and Leah.

Great stuff. I also think that his appreciation for Frank Zappa has influenced his point of view. I think that both men have influenced me too.

Aside: There's a Frank Zappa wiki! Holy cow!Matt Groening InterviewBrian Eno on how he came to create ambient music, which has since evolved into what we think of as electronica. Brian Eno is an inspiration to me.
Comment is free: The birth of ambient
So I started thinking about music as something functional... that existed as part of the design of your life. Just like the way you decorated your room or the kind of furniture you chose or the kind of lights you used. They were all kind of issues about how you want to feel... so I wanted to make things that were panoramic in a certain way. Things that have a way of existing in the space and you enter them for a while and then you leave them for a while. I didn't want this narrative thing to be part of the record so much.

In early 1975 I got hit by a taxi as I was crossing the Harrow Road and was immobilised for a while. When I was lying in bed Judy Nylon brought me a record of renaissance harp music and put the needle on when she left. My speakers were a bit dodgy and one of them had broken - and it was also raining quite heavily outside and the volume wasn't very high. I couldn't get out of bed and was irritated, thinking 'I can hardly hear this music'. Then gradually I started to think 'well, there it is - it's going to play for the next 20 minutes anyway'.

Suddenly it started to seem like a really beautiful way of listening to music - instead of dominating the environment it became part of a soundscape. The rain was hitting the windows and occasionally I would hear the loudest parts of the harp notes appearing like the tips of icebergs in this sonic ocean. And from that I really developed the whole Ambient idea - which was more an approach to listening than to composing. It was saying: 'let's treat music like painting'.
Now playing: Brian Eno: Taking Tiger MountainComment is free: The birth of ambientMoorpark Packers: Moorpark Youth Football: has been updated. There was recently some clarification about the formation of Moorpark Youth Football.Moorpark Youth Football (Moorpark Packers)12 year old boys are to World of Warcraft as 15 year old girls are to MySpace

MySpace can be thought of as a massively multiplayer game, and World of Warcraft can be thought of as social networking tool. Either way you slice it: demented and sad, but social.

Well, since popular kids use either, maybe what used to be the domain of the nerds is now the domain of all.

Welcome to the future.CongruencyI think that these do not work for me.

Bummer.

sorry lpc. ZzzzzzzzzSparks : Pulling Rabbits Out Of A Hat (1984): Pretending to be Drunk
That is what I had intended, pretending to be drunk
A little change in character, pretending to be drunk
You think I am weak and feeble
You think I'm a bore
When you drag me to a party
Soon I'm out the door
Next time I'll portray a suave sophisticated hunk
That is what I had intended, pretending to be drunkLyrics of the DayGod Box
God's Boxes
I have in my hands two boxes
Which God gave me to hold.
He said, "Put all your sorrows in the black box,
And all your joys in the gold."

I heeded His words, and in the two boxes
Both my joys and sorrows I stored.

But though the gold became heavier each day
The black was as light as before.
With curiosity, I opened the black,
I wanted to find out why,
And I saw, in the base of the box, a hole
Which my sorrows had fallen out by.
I showed the hole to God, and mused,
"I wonder where my sorrows could be."
He smiled a gentle smile and said,
"My child ,they're all here with me."

I asked God, why He gave me the boxes,
Why the gold, and the black with the hole?
"My child, the gold is for you to count your
blessings, The black is for you to let go."
Related Exercise: get a small box and designate it your "God box." Write some problem you're having on a piece of paper. Put the paper in the box. It's now God's. If you're tempted to consider the problem, remember: you have given it to God to solve; it is no longer yours. Remove the problem when God has solved it for you.God BoxI actually cannot tell anymore that I had an ingrown toenail.

I think it's was a lot of sandal-wearing, and a few days of soaking, along with some massaging of the area to relieve pressure on the toe and nail.

Feeling: thankful.Toenail UpdateO Click All Ye Faithful: The nun who launched the Vatican's Web site is at work on a MySpace for Catholics

via robotwisdomMySpace for Catholics?Leah and I (and Alex and a friend bff of hers) were at the Simi Valley mall this weekend, and one of the storefronts was an "under construction" Apple Store.

We actually have one in Thousand Oaks, maybe 15 minutes away, at another mall, but it's neat to see one coming for Simi.Simi Valley Apple StoreColdFusion TitleCase Function was updated with the addition of U.S. state abbreviations, via a reader submission.lab.artlung.com updated.We've done some web updates to the site for Davis Davis Architects in San Diego. They had almost no alt attributes before we worked on the site, and now they're loaded up. They do some great architecture.Davis Davis Architects of San DiegoYes it was.

Nifty giant head background!

joecrawford.com was updated.I kept telling her today that she might like to watch the new Mac ads. Here they are!For LeahAnd here it is:
Minority Report Screen at ORD - GizmodoOur Big Screen FutureAffirmations of the day:
Just for today I will be vulnerable with someone I trust.

I am a child of God and I deserve love, peace, prosperity, and serenity.

Just for today I will act in a way that I would admire in someone else.Affirmations of the Day"It helps to have a friend going through the same"

"I'll be your other"

"Join us for Mancala Hour!"We Mashed Locusts And Made BreadThey're Made Out of Meat by Terry Bisson
"Omigod. Singing meat. This is altogether too much. So what do you advise?"My God, They're Full of Meatkirupa.com - Fixing the Flash/Embed Issue:

This script worked on a project that may actually launch sometime soon.

See also: "Click to activate and use this control"

I kinda like Flash. I kinda dislike it too.

Like all programming environments and languages, it sucks, but can also do cool stuff.Flash EOLAS FixSo today I got two offers or employment -- well, specific interest in me for jobs for which I'm quite qualified.

The first was a job in Respiratory Therapy in San Diego. The problem? I no longer live there, and I no longer do that. And yes, the offerer had been to see my resume for Respiratory Care. And I did point out that it says right on there that I don't do that anymore.

The second was for a ColdFusion job located in the Inland Empire. That's fine, but I am working as part of Crawberts, and I live nowhere near the Inland Empire. Still, it's only slightly closer than San Diego.
I'm flattered to be wanted for jobs, I just wish they were a little better targeted.

What Leah and I really need are some tasty web applications we can build for folks. That's what we're good at. Websites too, and flash animations, and navigation systems. All things web, as we say.Embarassment of RichesA new day, again. Lessons and centering and learning.New Dawn FadesLeah and I use Flickr quite a bit -- in this post to FlickrBlog they indicate several changes that sound pretty great. I'm looking forward to seeing them roll out. I particularly am looking forward to improved search capabilities.

via waxyChanges-a-coming to FlickrOut with the green, and in with the new:

New Look For The BlogLike a Prayer: Madonna
Life is a mystery, everyone must stand alone
I hear you call my name
And it feels like home

When you call my name its like a little prayer
Im down on my knees, I wanna take you there
In the midnight hour I can feel your power
Just like a prayer you know Ill take you there

I hear your voice, its like an angel sighing
I have no choice, I hear your voice
Feels like flying
I close my eyes, oh God I think Im falling
Out of the sky, I close my eyes
Heaven help me

When you call my name its like a little prayer
Im down on my knees, I wanna take you there
In the midnight hour I can feel your power
Just like a prayer you know Ill take you there

Like a child you whisper softly to me
Youre in control just like a child
Now Im dancing
Its like a dream, no end and no beginning
Youre here with me, its like a dream
Let the choir singLyrics of the Day

based on Hacking MySpace Layouts.

And yes, I have a MySpace.MySpace Layout TweakedAll is full of love.NewNifty: Apple Store - Simi Valley Grand Opening May 13

I noticed it just 9 days ago, and here it is opening up in two!

Kewl.Apple Store Simi Valley: Opens Saturday!Quote of the day:
Everyone wants to feel like a winner. And feeling like a winner requires that you win. You get a feeling of the winner by completing a task 100 percent. When you do this repeatedly, eventually you develop a habit of completing the tasks that you begin. When this habit of task completion locks in, your life will begin to improve in ways you cannot today imagine.

In psychology, the reverse is always true. The "incomplete action" is a major source of stress and anxiety. In fact, much of the unhappiness that people experience is because they have not been able to discipline themselves to follow through and complete an important task or responsibility.
From Goals! by Brian Tracy."Creating the Winning Feeling"So the contents of my keys and wallet were the subject of today's brilliantly funny slice-of-life post over at leahpeah: I Dont Want One wherein she says:
and I continue to drive Joe a little crazy because he is the kind of guy that has had the same 3 club cards for over 5 years and they are always in his wallet in the same slots. But he also carries around 500 keys that he doesnt need, so whatever.
It's true. I don't mind doing the monkey dance for the store people, and I hate to be unprepared when someone wants to see my documents, licenses, access codes, club cards, etc. I get really embarassed and feel like a dope. It's years of family training to NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER lose your keys, or your passport, or your proof of insurance, or your bank book, or leave your keys in your car, or forget your home phone number or address or else the GODS OF BUREAUCRACY WILL PUNISH YOU AND YOU WILL NO LONGER DESERVE TO HAVE THE SURNAME CRAWFORD. That's only a slight exaggeration.

So let's clear up the contents of my keyring. I have 6 keys, 3 swipey things, a bottle opener, and a electronic door opener thingy. The keys are to the house, the mailbox, the car, actually the other three are to uh... okay, I'm not sure, but it's only three keys I don't know, and NOT 500, but when I need them I'll have the last laugh! And yes, if I have my keys I am ready AT THE DROP OF A HAT to purchase at club card prices at Ralph's and Albertson's. Taste the savings! I can also get into our gym at any second as well. My Vons card is in my wallet, since they're pretty much Nazis and haven't caught on that the little key fob bar code thingies are really the right way to go when it comes to shopping discount technology. I don't think the "oh, you don't have your card, give us your phone number" works for any of them since they're all tied to phone numbers I had sometime during the Clinton administration. Thus, Leah would not really have access to my super-secret club discounts. I do intend to update them so that my wife can use my discountsclub information, but it's not high on my to-do list. I do, however, have a little slip of paper in my wallet from Ralph's reminding me I need to do that since a few weeks ago when I didn't have my keys and I had to give them like 3 phone numbers before I got one that worked to give me the discount on the bread, wine, and water I had bought. The NSA has nothing on Ralph's when it comes to knowing my personal home phone number history.

It's at this point I'll point out that I need to get back to work, since that's what I need to do today. The watchword is goal completion today, baby. If I can stick to a goal like "I will not lose my club cards EVER, since without them I can't save 15 cents on Gatorade for the boys" I should be able to meet deadlines too. So, yeah.

Godspeed, y'all.I actually only have 6 keys on my keyring, but...For Leah especially, and for my Mom and Mother-in-Law, and all Moms in the world
Happy Mother's Day!Happy Mother's DayI'm sort of between things just this second. Doing lots of work psychologically and spiritually. It's really hard work.

Lots of other stuff going on, but I'm not going to talk about them just now.

Hard work, but rewarding work.

Affirmation of the day:
The pain that I might feel by remembering can't be any worse than the pain I feel by knowing and not remembering.
And another one:
Just for today I will act in a way that I would admire in someone else.
Three month coin.

Thanks for listening.2411th Post.My Old Kentucky Blog: Love Will Tear Us Apart Covers

One of my favorite songs, ever. All about exultant depressed bittersweetness.

via kottke.orgLove Will Tear Us ApartSometimes the only thing that feels possible is to do the easy thing first.

Small task completion is so much more satisfying than working on big tasks that take lots of time and never seem to be finished.

But then if all you ever work on are small tasks, big tasks will never ever get done.

And then where does that put you with your true responsibilities?

(Wait, back up, the implication is that the big ones are the only true ones, that's not true. The small ones are true too).

Prioritization, then, is the watchword to meditate on today. Also, courage to tackle the things that seem insurmountable.

Just what makes that little ole ant think he'll move that rubber tree plant?

Questions to ponder, brother.

Straighten up and fly right!Easy Things FirstIt's raining this morning here in Simi Valley. Nice somber rain, perfect for a mellow day like today.

On the agenda is some work, and some other things too. It'll be another busy week of learning and life.
My favorite color is green.May RainInternet Archive: Details: Elements Of A Successful Website: Joe Crawford: MacGathering

I myself have not yet listened to it, but there it is, in all its imperfect glory.

It's not through any great foresight that I have a recording of it, rather, Chris Glenn of Christopher Glenn Photography managed to record it and send it to me. Thanks Chris!

More about MacGatheringMacGathering Website Seminar UploadedThis article reminds me very much of The Lawrence Doctrine and Postindustrial Insurgency, from Islands in the Net:
Global Guerrillas: THE BAZAAR'S OPEN SOURCE PLATFORM
The decentralized, and seemingly chaotic guerrilla war in Iraq demonstrates a pattern that will likely serve as a model for next generation terrorists. This pattern shows a level of learning, activity, and success similar to what we see in the open source software community. I call this pattern the bazaar. The bazaar solves the problem: how do small, potentially antagonistic networks combine to conduct war? Lessons from Eric Raymond's "The Cathedral and the Bazaar" provides a starting point for further analysis.Iraqi Insurgency, Open Source, and the BazaarQuestion of the day:
What would Zappa do?WWZD?Acquired.

Progress indeed.

Slog, perservere.

Pray for the courage to act in a way I would admire in others.Sponsor

a little ragged and tired.

proj on!mr. crawford, in the car, with the gum...A Google logo you won't see:

The Google logo is of course a trademark of Google.Google PentecostArtLung Pentecostwell, I keep on thinkin' 'bout you, sister golden hair surprise
and I just can't live without you, can't you see it in my eyes?
i've been one poor correspondent, and i've been too, too hard to find
but it doesn't mean you ain't been on my mind
It's a beautiful day.
The chance to begin again in a golden land of opportunity of adventure!Lyrics of the Day; Movie Quote of the DayThe other day Devon was looking over my shoulder at my email and saw an email with a subject line that was made of Chinese ideograms. He exclaimed: "That's so cool!"

I sighed and said, that's spam, Dev.

Devon said: "I don't care, that's so cool! I want Chinese spam!"

I said to him, "uh... no you don't. Spam is spam, no matter how cool looking the subject lines are."

He was adamant, "yes I do! I don't get any emails with cool characters!"

I explained that my email address (not the gmail one) is old, and has been harvested over and over again all over the web, for a long time, and so everyone spams me. Every scammer in the world wants to solicit me for viagra and Nigerian spams and all the various crud of the internet. I then told him that I get spam in other languages too. Russian, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, and even Hindi. Everyone wants to, and does, send me spam.

Exhibit A:





I showed him the spam. He was still envious, not considering that continuously having to train one's spam filters is not "cool." To him, my multilingual spam has cachet.

I respect his point of view. When I was his age I thought that Japanese things were cooler than any other things on the planet. Other cultures inform and inspire and even get integrated into our own in some ways. Appreciating other cultures is a way to see the world beyond our own provincial existence.

I still wish I got less spam though.My stepson is envious of my multilingual spam.My experience has been essentially the same as Rafe Colburn's:
rc3.org: Vox: day one
after using the invitation I got my first surprise -- when you sign up for Vox, you don't start out with all of the toys that everybody else has. You are initially inducted at Starter level. What's that mean?
I'm at artlung.vox.comvox.comThis day is spelled ridiculously.

Or maybe beautifully.

Brand new day.

Kick butt.

Changes on the work front on the horizon.

Stay tuned.Wed. Nes. Day.Last night around 9:45pm the power went out. Didn't come back on until about 12:30am. Then we went to bed.
We occupied ourselves with non-electricity related activities. Well, actually, Leah drafted her bio for the BlogHer conference and we talked and stuff. It was kind of a nice mellow night.

I did a kind of stalking panther thing. We lit candles, and I checked outside out front, and I checked out back. I went out to the van and checked the radio for news or trouble. I listened to the neighbors a little. I felt very protective of this rented home and my family, just my wife tonight, no stepkids here last night. There was no trouble on the radio. No natural or unnatural disasters. No special breaking news for Ventura County or Simi Valley. So after about 10 minutes of radio listening I hung it up and came back in.
I couldn't get any work done, since all my work is digital. I called Southern California Edison. When I first called they had no information on the outage. It thanked me for reporting the outage. I called back 10 minutes later, then the machine-woman said to me that I would get a callback to my phone if the outage were anticipated to be more than 4 hours.
It's interesting that I never spoke with any human being at Southern California Edison. Is it the future?
So this morning I woke up early, about 8:15am. I got started with my day, did some cleaning up, start up a computer to check email. Just as I answer one email, *poof* the power goes out again.

So much for work and email, again.

I call SCE again, they report that the outage has been ongoing since 10pm last night, and should be back online at about 11am. It came back on at 10, after Leah and I were just about to get in the car, laptops in hand, to go get breakfast and check email and work.

I don't know what the problem was in Simi (western end of town) -- the SCE robot woman said it was "Equipment Failures," but it's definitely flaky as of last night and this morning.

It's a brand new day. Full of possibilities. The reset button of life has been hit.

Grace.Simi Power Outagei now have a standard account, which means i can post posts. artlung's blog

(this is a followup)vox.com followup

by Leah. The goatee is back this month.Me, June 2006Leah, Devon and I went to BarCamp / BarCampLA-Geek2 last night. It was pretty great. Social and nerdy, and good food at Mao's Kitchen. Dev was too young to make it into The Brig, but he was mixing it up at Mao's.

Good group of people, and we'll be returning to such events in the future.BarCamp Los Angeles Geek DinnerI'm simmering a post right now about work, religion, radical activism, Catholicism, the Stations of the Cross, Liberation Theology, movies, Robert McNamara, fog, war, violence, human nature, documentaries, art, truth, and the world. Of course, this is a short post, so you'll have to make do with an extremely beautiful photograph of my wife Leah.
Simmeringleahpeah  Jason Scott

I'm a big fan myself of Jason via the BBS Documentary. Leah gets some great interviews, indeed!Jason Scott Interview with LeahPeah
I have decided my new favorite characters in film are the penguins from the movie Madagascar. I didn't see that in the theatres, but I remember seeing a Christmas short with them in it and really enjoying it. I love the four way interaction of the characters: Skipper (also, "Joe"?), Kowalski, Private, and Rico. It's a whole lot of fun to watch.

In doing some, "ahem" research on this and found that wikipedia has a whole category of "fictional penguins." I was happy to see Badz Maru and Tux on there.
That rocks.

They have their own page as well. That also rocks.

I know someone whose name is Pinguino. She runs Penguin Palace. She's not listed, although she draws a mean penguin (ninja penguin, actually).

Last night I got into a conversation with a fellow "on a journey of changing and growing" (as I am) about free will. It's comforting to know that wikipedia also does an admirable job with that topic as well. I found myself defending the universe's arbitrary nature as a mystery. I was arguing that it "feels like we have free will" and that pretty much, we're limited by that. The fellow I was talking about was asking about the fact that other people also have free will too, and asked if their free will affected my free will. I said that "yes indeed, people affect other people, this is the way things are set up." He asked why God would allow people to do bad things with their free will, maybe (s)he/it/they might intervene and protect us from such things. My answer was that perhaps we're meant to learn something. I vividly remember arguing, as a college student (maybe 20 years old?) that pain was not required to learn things. Well, I'm 36 now, and I can tell you that my experience is that learning only comes with some degree of pain. I admit it would be nice to take a week or month off from this fact. It's nonetheless true that this does not happen very often.

Hey, I'm learning to listen to my inner voice and let it guide me in my life.

Also, funny penguins are funny.

The dude abides.Fictional Penguins & Free Will"Just for today I will act in a way I would admire in someone else."Affirmation of the DayAwesome video. I like hearing Noam speak. He may not be easy to agree with, but he knows how to formulate an argument and provide evidence, as opposed to mere bloviating.

I read about this appearance on Red State Son:
You'd think that when someone like Noam Chomsky speaks to West Point cadets about US imperial history and the high power hypocrisy that justifies it, there'd be a lot of online commentary, across the board. Personally, I didn't know anything about this until a friend mentioned it to me the other night -- so yesterday I looked it up, and there was Noam, laying down the righteous s**t in front of an audience of well-scrubbed, soon-to-be butterbars. It's an hour long, but worth the time.
via robotwisdom

also, butterbar = military slang for "a Second Lieutenant; a reference to the insignia of rank - a single gold bar"Noam Chomsky @ West PointIf you are in San Diego, or just like San Diego, read this thread, and if there's something cool that's been missed, leave a comment too! Ask San Diego Blog!Ask San Diego Blog



I got word this afternoon from my ex-wife Jennifer that Che, our cat, died. He was about 10 years old. His spleen was enlarged and he went into shock, then there was nothing that could be done for him. Sad.

This is a sad sad thing. He was a good boy, a good cat, and he will be missed.

He really was a fun, happy, fun cat.

I'm not sure where my spiritual beliefs place "cat heaven" -- but he was loved and will be remembered, so even now he lives on at least in our hearts.

More photos of him moved over to flickr.Ch the Cat 1997-2006I'm fixing to sell my copy of ultra-rare copy of the Blade Runner Sketchbook.Pictures will be online sometime in the near future.

Interested? Leave a comment with your email and I'll get back with you.

I've seen the book online for up to $950. Serious inquiries only.

(in other news: thanks for the condolences, everyone. and also, there are many changes happening in my life. positive ones, but not easy ones. progress is being made. oh heck, I AM MAKING PROGRESS).

Onward, Christian Soldiers!Blade Runner Sketchbook for sale or for auction. Other News.I am endowed by my creator by the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
.Affirmation of the DayI like these. It's like reading an EKG or the waveforms from a ventilator. But for web seaches over time.
Different Types of Google Trends
via robotwisdomWeb Search EKGWhat the heck is up with that? Confused? See: San Diego Blog: Del Mar FairMexican Flags Make Some People CrazyHey dude, as usual when I don't post much, there's a bunch to say. But suffice to say, things are looking up. Life is good. Difficult in the margins, but the main score swings like Sinatra, baby.

Swing on!Swing It Baby!!!I'm doing work with bitmasks these days, working on system maintenance on a web application I had nothing to do with building. One of the things it does is use Bitmasks to keep track of some customer data states. I'm not sure I like it, but I can't deny that it's a way to preserve staus in a very compact way.
Mask (computing) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
The most common mask used, also known as a bitmask, extracts the status of certain bits in a binary string or number. For example, if we have the binary string 100111010 and we want to extract the status of the fifth bit counting along from the most significant bit, we would use a bitmask such as 000010000 and use the bitwise AND operator. Recalling that 1 AND 1 = 1, with 0 otherwise, we find the status of the fifth bit.BitmasksYou might find this interesting reading: Sign of the crossSign of the crossCheck out this San Diego Blog thread for it.
Cool San Diego StuffYou know how Matt Drudge always posts his crap and rumors and when they're half-baked or haven't even hit the oven he ends them with "DEVELOPING..."

That's how things are right now. Percolating. Toasting. Bubbling. Whatever developing metaphor you can think of, it's that.

I know it's not satisfying for me to post music lyrics, but tough luck, it's great to work to New Order, and here's the lyric infecting my head. Oblique, and not something I identify with this second, but it's engaging music to work or drive by.
we're like crystal (hey)
we break easy (hoo)
i'm a poor man (hey)
if you leave me (hoo)
i'm applauded (hey)
then forgotten
it was summer (hey)
now it's autumn (hoo)

i don't know
what to say
you don't care
anyway
i'm a man (just tell me what i've got to do)
in a rage
with a girl
i betrayed

here comes love
it's like honey
you can't buy
it with money
you're not alone anymore (whenever you're here with me)
you shock me to the core
you shock me to the core

(hoo)
(hey)
we're like crystal
it's not easy (hoo)
with your love (hey)
you could feed me (hoo)
every man (every man)
and every woman (and every woman)
needs someone (hey)
so keep it coming
keep it coming
keep it coming
keep it coming
keep it coming
keep it coming
keep it coming
keep it coming
When I was in high school I dug New Order. What a story. I'm sure I've blogged about that before, ah yes: "Eddie & Comic-Con". Talked about my fetish for Ian Curtis and his suicide. Not my bag anymore. But the province of young men is to be entranced by angst and deify intense feelings. I'm a big fan of intense feeling myself, but not to the exclusion of rational self-examination.

It's neat to rediscover a record (I still call them that, even when they're digitized and stuffed into iTunes) I bought in 2001 -- and about which I said the following, and I even mention unironically Joy Division:
The surprise for me was the new New Order record -- Get Ready -- listened to it at work and its nifty! Bit of a time warp to have a new NO record. Their best song is Turn The Heater On - a hauntingly beautiful song in a vast repetoire of haunting and beautiful work.

And Im not even talking about the incomparable depths of beautiful despair that is - Joy Division.
I've been blogging for five years. Easy to forget posts. Easier to google for them and find little snippets of myself. Am I in pieces? Do I contradict myself? Very well I contradict myself.

I contain multitides and yet I am but one man. Truth. Beauty. Change. I embrace thee.Developing...CityWalk Kids Trix PixMay We See Your Photos Please?

Tony, Dev, Al, Ty
They're really great.
photo by lpStepK x 4In 2002 I wrote, in House-Sitting and Other Things (Long):
Im trying to get my head screwed on straight. Quite a challenge these days, as I really feel like I dont know what Im doing.

Its been a heckuva year so far. I hope so much that things settle down soon, but I think the stormy seas, for me, for my friends, for the country, for the world, will not abate anytime soon.
Still true. The nonsense in Isreal, when I can take a breath and not focus on dealing with the challenges and stressors in my own life, is galling. I hate the devastation. I hate the hipocrisy on all sides. I hate the contributions made to the Isrealis and to the Palestinians by us, by Syria, Iran, et. al.

What a stupid, stupid mess.

Do the hard work and deal with the reality of your conflicts! The world is totally worth living in.

On another note, one of the songs at Mass today was number 666. I chuckled a little, but in truth, it's just a number. Just like 13. Or any other number. Numbers are numbers. Numbers can sometimes hurt (like being overdrawn) -- but they're not a measure of worth.

It seems like a lovely day. I have some work to do, but it sure seems lovely.

And to part, here are two recent photos of Leah and I you can enjoy:



Leah looks great, no? I look sort of pensive there, though I think that's just me processing some French music when we went to a big free French festival yesterday in Santa Barbara. It was pretty cool. Very mellow vibe.

Here's to more mellow-vibe-ing today.Overdrawn at the Memory BankCheck it out on San Diego Blog :: My Real Estate Obsession

Excellent thoughts all 'round. Civil, passionate, informed discourse.

Rock!Great San Diego Real Estate PostSo my friend and colleague Sassyhad his blog down for some weeks, his homebrew stuff wasn't makin' it. So he has new wordpress and even a flickr account!

Now he'll have some RSS that works. Though I haven't read my feeds in forever, maybe when I do, I can read him that way.

Welcome to the 21st Century Matt!Sassy Sassburton gets new blog software, and flickr too!I'm busy, and I'm hot. This is my lunch hour. I'm in Ojai.

That is all.

Pax + Luv.Busy + HotI'm so tired. Leah being gone at BlogHer has made my week a different kind of busy crazy than usual, but it's all good.

Unrelated: Trying to catch up when you're miles behind sucks.

I'm tired. This weekend will be the end of the project that's been a damn anchor around my neck for months. And we need the money. NEED WITH A CAPITAL NEED.Crazy TiredSans-car, yesterday I walked 4.3 miles, this according to Google Maps Pedometer. My feet HATE me today. And my sandals are now broken, both of them. I slept well last night. I priced bicycles yesterday. Saw a cheapo for $99.99, and at a real bike shop the lowest bike I saw was at least $300. Feh. I coulda used a bike yesterday though.

BlogHer finished for Leah, and she comes home today. Godspeed, lp.

She's in many photos tagged with blogher on flickr.
This one's my favorite:

It looks like it was a good conference, and not just because my wife is lovely. There's a liveblog of the panel Leah spoke on.
Next year's will be in Chicago. I've never been to Chicago, so maybe it'll time to go for me.Pioneer Children Walked and WalkedSo sleep is a pastime I have been missing mostly. But it's all good, crap's getting done.

Of note in particular is that on a personal level, Leah and I are actually a couple, a partnership, a marriage. We've made some amazing progress in counseling these past few months. Mostly what we learned is that working together was a big part of our dysfunction in the near past. There was much much more than that, but working together -- the process of relying on each other and being together every waking minute of the day -- was extremely stressful to our marriage.

File it all under "it seemed like a good idea at the time..."

I have a lot more respect for spouses who work together and don't want to set fire to their house, themselves, or their spouse. No, not respect, awe. Well, respect too.

That said, what better way to learn and to grow than to bring your marriage to the brink and work it all out? I am so gratified by the results it almost seemed like it was planned all along!

Of course, at the time, when things were a mess, and I was acting like a jerk, it seemed so out-of-control that it seemed like chaos had taken over.

Lo and behold, things have managed to turn in excellent directions.

I'm very very pleased to be married to a wonderful woman. And let me say, I'm a heckuva man.

We match.

Now, granted, there's still a pile of stuff to deal with, but in the core, where Leah and I reside, things are pretty cozy. Stressors don't knock us apart the way they once did.

You make me shiver
I feel so tender,
We make a pretty good team
Don't get exhausted,
I'll do some driving,
You ought to get you some sleepLong Time GoneI'm smitten.

MaggieMason (mightygirl) took this photograph.Hot LeahPeah BlogHer ActionI used to do a running gag about bands I'd do with people, particularly my friend missewon. The line was "one of em's dead, ya can't go see 'em." It's not a particularly funny line. But how else to explain that you couldn't see the Beatles (Lennon dead), Doors (Morrison), INXS (Hutchence), etc etc. It's also true of bands like Blind Lemon or Sex Pistols or Sublime or Joy Division. One of em's dead...

Fast forward ten years, and it's much harder for me to have levity about death with regards to music. Elvis may have died a ridiculous death, but it is sad that he's dead. And it's not really funny for me to think about how Frank Zappa is dead. I missed out on seeing him play, and that eats at me.

Another band, no, person, who was in the back of my mind to see was Arthur Lee. You can read a little bit about him and his band Love in this LA Times obit.
Arthur Lee, who forged a legacy as one of rock's great visionaries and forbidding eccentrics while reigning briefly with his band Love as princes of the mid-1960s Sunset Strip, died Thursday of leukemia in a Memphis, Tenn., hospital. He was 61.

...

Lee, who established himself as the first black rock star of the post-Beatles era, fronted Love through astonishing musical changes that have continued to resonate for other rockers and a cult of critics and fans.

...

But Love also became one of the first burnout bands of the 1960s, and with Lee's death, only three members survive of the eight who were in the band between 1965 and 1967.
As you probably know, I'm a big fan of Stew/The Negro Problem. In one of the live recordings I have, I can't remember if it's from KCRW or from one of the Blackboot series of recordings, Stew sings "Now go see Arthur Lee!"

Based on that line, I looked a little bit into the story of the band. Kind of amazing, given that before that I really had no idea who they were. It's not like their stuff is particularly radio-friendly, given its eccentricities. And even though I love me my K-EARTH 101 oldies station, Love is not a band one hears there often. So I picked up two Love records about two years ago, and was kind of stunned. Not all of it was great, but damned if "Alone Again Or" is not an amazing spectacle of a song. I mean, it's a folk rock song featuring Mariachis for goodness' sake! Kicks ass.

So yesterday morning on my drive (driving, no bus yesterday) I heard the announcer saying they'd play it in tribute. I think it's a radio station our of Ventura, the Octopus I think. Let's look that up. Yup. "The Octopus 95.9." Aside: I quite like that station. I heard Zappa's Peaches en Regalia followed by Steely Dan's Any Major Dude Will Tell You one after another some time back. Anyone who knows me, well, and now, I'm telling you, that that's a happy moment for me, and produces shock in my heart.

This artist who I never saw died, and it evoked more emotion than I anticipated.

Rest in peace, Arthur Lee."Now Go See Arthur Lee"
I am so proud of her.
Photograph by Sour Duck.Leahpeah BlogHer PanelI quite like the concept of Galactus. Though I can't say I ever read a story with him I really liked. Perhaps the Moebius Silver Surfer story.
Galactus, sometimes called the Devourer of Worlds or Eater of Planets, is a fictional comic book super villain, a cosmic entity within Marvel Comics' universe.GalactusHere are some of the files the jerks who want to run exploits look for. I see these in my 404 stats.
   /stats/awstats.pl
   /scgi-bin/stats/awstats.pl
   /scripts/awstats.pl
   /scgi/awstats/awstats.pl
   /cgi-bin/stats/awstats.pl
   /cgi-bin/awstats/awstats.pl
   /cgi/awstats/awstats.pl
   /scgi-bin/awstats/awstats.pl
   /cgi-bin/awstats.pl
   /awstats/awstats.pl
   /cgi/awstats.pl
   /scgi-bin/awstats.pl
   /b2evo/xmlsrv/xmlrpc.php
   /wordpress/xmlrpc.php
   /blogtest/xmlsrv/xmlrpc.php
   /phpgroupware/xmlrpc.php
   /b2/xmlsrv/xmlrpc.php
   /blogs/xmlrpc.php
   /blogs/xmlsrv/xmlrpc.php
   /community/xmlrpc.php
   /xmlsrv/xmlrpc.php
   /drupal/xmlrpc.php
   /xmlrpc/xmlrpc.php
   /xmlrpc.php
   /x0x0x0x0x0x0x0x0x0/ThisFileMustNotExist
(This post is named for a scene in "The Blues Brothers." Belushi's "Joliet Jake" Blues' tone when he sneers at the Illinois Nazis is exactly how I feel about sploggers, script kiddies, and other miscreants).I Hate Illinois Nazisaka JeSais: Blogher Post #2
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah POST.
...that's my new favorite sound effect.Featuring LeahPeah from BlogHerOn vox.com, they use a special xml namespace for their custom attributes: xmlns:at="http://www.sixapart.com/ns/at">

Cool! but http://www.sixapart.com/ns/at appears to be missing.

Maybe that's just a placeholder?Broken namespace url at SixApart?blogging on vox.

whilst in transit.

earlier.128 characters or less"Electric Fence"Phrase of the Yesterdayvia robotwisdom:

Hifi Wellies @ Raves

What the heck is a "Wellie" -- it's a Wellington boot, of course.

If you're a foot fetishist, you may like this.

I just think the boots are amazingly diverse, and I can't remember seeing anything like these in the US.Wellies
Remember back on July 30th where I said "yesterday I walked 4.3 miles, this according to Google Maps Pedometer. My feet HATE me today. And my sandals are now broken, both of them."

These are they. And now they must be retired.The Sandals Which I Killt Wif My Walking"This is the day that the Lord has made, let us rejoice and be glad."Affirmation of the DayOnly Frank Zappa can cure what ails ya.

I have 971 tracks by Mr. Zappa.

4.88 Gigabytes worth.

That's a lot of healing, brotha.

Tonight: Billy the Mountain, Willie the Pimp, The Meek Shall Inherit Nothing, Montana (Whipping Floss)

Picked up a book from the library for the ride home: Stealing Jesus. Not bad, pretty thoughtful.

Jesus love you, even if you're a chump. All y'all worrying about getting saved, chill out. Jesus loves you. That apocalyptic stuff is for the birds. Be excellent to each other, dude.

Okay, I have some work to do.SometimesNight Of The Living Baseheads

Very little music is more vital than Public Enemy from "It takes a nation of millions to hold us back."Now PlayingVery Zen  Oh Boy.

Amanda B. singing, partly for my very own wife.

Darn good for some random singing in a bathroom.

Clearly, she's done that before.Bathroom Singing Par ExcellanceAs of a matter of fact, Sunday night I did in fact take a Greyhound Bus from Southern Utah to Los Angeles. It was an adventure.
I took Metrolink too. Remind me to tell you about it all sometime!

Off to work!
It's alright mama,
It's alright with me.Busing or Bussing?I tell the cabbie "Union Station." It's a solid 2 miles. Too far a walk for how tired I am, and not really convenient on local buses.

"I hate Mayor Villarigosa" declares the cabbie at the Bus Station. "Because he made the FlyAway service, and nobody takes cabs to the airport anymore."

"Well, don't you think it's a good deal for the people who want to go to the airport?" I ask.

He says "sure, but what about us!?!"

I tell him sorry about that, but it's a good deal for people going to the airport.

He says "it's alright man. I guess i'll go back to the Bus Station and try and get a few more fares before I end my night."

Thing of it is, I wasn't even going to use FlyAway. I was going Metrolink.Scene from Greyhound Bus Station, Los Angeles, Monday, 4:30amThere might not be a more perfect on-the-way-home sequence.

Oh, yes there is, just add, "Leah meets me for dinner and we see a movie."

Not today though. Leah's on her way home from Utah now. Victorville or thereabouts.

It can't be too soon!

Ta!Library, Home Depot, Fry'sYAY! ... and safely and everything.

What a relief to have her home.

Today: we have the kids, I have work. Yesterday I finished listening to the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy: Tertiary Phase. A HH radio series I had not before heard. Some very good belly laughs in there. I got it, like many other good things lately, from the library.
Leah brought home a billion peaches. A BILLION! What can we do with that many peaches?

I'm not excited about it, but I suppose I should get my act together and get to work now.

Pax + Luv, y'all! It's a beautiful morning.She's BackThe plural of 'anecdote' is not 'data'Phrase of the DayLIKE (Transact-SQL)

I really had no idea you could use [brackets] the way you can in a SQL Server "LIKE" clause.

You learn something new every day.LIKE (Transact-SQL)Seriously.

It's all good.Large Decisions AfootRemember by affirmation of the day the other week, it's in a song that was the closer at Mass today. It's from Psalms 118:24

It's not one I hear every week, it was a nice surprise after having missed Mass several weeks in a row. Felt like a "welcome back" message. That's a stretch, but then, the varieties of religious and spiritual experience need not be explicable.

When the song started I actually laughed out loud.

Let's see, in other news, made a big decision for my next position. All I can say at this point is 27:20. That's not a Bible verse, that's a measure of time.Today at MassSick last week.

No longer sick this one.

So much to do so little to say!

No, seriously, hi y'all.

A few things: Go see Idiocracy, it's puerile and gross and dumb and smart as a tack. Definitely rated "R" though. You have been warned.
I still like Kinokuniya very much.

I'm looking forward to Griffith Park Observatory reopening in the fall.

The Moorpark Packers (featuring two of my stepsons as players, another as a coach, and my stepdaughter as an assistant) are back in business.

Leah is pretty funny and is rewriting.

The weather is nice, but still pretty hot in Ojai.

I had fun last week reading Political Interpretations of the Wizard of Oz.

And look, we were cute in Utah, though squinty from harsh overhead noontime sunlight:
Oh angel eyes / Am I deceived / Or did you sigh?This is a shot of my father-in-law's garden in Utah. It's both wild and cultivated. We caught it out of season.
What is growing in your garden?
I would climb the garden wall with a candle in my handAll about my man Frank. I totally missed this tour. Ah well.

Dweezil on Frank:
There are so many things that are misunderstood or not recognized about my fathers music because theyve been filtered by people who work for magazines like Rolling Stone. For example, Rolling Stone recently printed a poor artist-rendering of Frank holding a joint. Frank has always been well-known for being anti-drug yet they would rather continue to perpetuate a false image of him, even after death, so they can mutate and manipulate their readers perception of him. Its irresponsible, its obnoxious and offensive. I think its time people know what Frank was really about, and they should discover it through his music.
And...
Franks bands could play the hardest stuff and make it seem like no big deal. With Franks inclusion of certain themes, political ideas, or even having the "Secret Word of the Day" in the show, there was always an opportunity for the unexpected, musically and otherwise. You didnt know what you were going to see. And that has not been part of anything I have seen recently in popular music or even really at the time when Frank was doing it. Modern bands, or shall I refer to them as Artists, perform their music with the intent to sound as close to their perfectly computer manipulated records as possible without deviation. They might as well be miming. In fact many are. One of my favorite quotes of Frank's and Ill paraphrase is, "Progress is not possible without deviation from the norm." I would like to see more bands expand on the arrangements of some of their music and allow for some musicianship elements to generate excitement rather than dance moves or lasers.Dweezil Defends Frank's LegacyI've been listening to this guy's writings. I like him.

Also, news. Still very early on in the process, have a good thought, wish, prayer, smoke signal, what have you.

Onward.Listening, Thinking, and Gestating.Can't talk right now, so here are some lyrics from Sifl and Olly:
I've got laser eyes
And I know what you're thinking
It comes as no surprise
Christmas lights are blinking

And I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I've got laser eyes
Hey!

And I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I've got laser eyes
Hey!

I've got laser eyes
Hey!
And I know what you're thinking
Hey!
It comes as no surprise
The Christmas lights are blinking

I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I've got laser eyes
Hey!

I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I've got laser eyes
Hey!

Well I've got laser eyes
And I know what you're thinking
Christmas lights are true
Christmas lights are blinking

'Cause I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I've got laser eyes

I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I'm so curious
And I've got laser eyes

I've got laser eyes
I've got laser eyes
Oh, suffragette!I've Got Laser EyesFor those small amount of you on the venn diagram who read me but don't regularly read my Leahpeah, I point you to the latest update, with ultrasoundy goodness, on the gestational progress and situation.

Save a prayer for us all.

And what else? It's been quite a few weeks. I've been sick quite a bit -- first it was my gut - el vomito y more. This week it was la flema amarilla. Yucko. I hate being sick.

Finished up my contract in Ojai today. I liked Ojai. It sure did get hot there, but the place was real nice, and the people were real nice too. And hey, thirty years ago they filmed some car chases from Smokey and the Bandit there. I learned a great deal in dealing with my agency how I will do things differently next time that comes around, I mean, assuming it does. I also learned a bit about the markup attendant to my rate (77%, actually). Valuable intelligence, my friend. Knowledge is power.

Hrm, what else, my wife's writing was featured on the Huffington Post the other day:  "Feminist" Is An Eight-Letter Word: Talking with Gloria Steinem. How cool is that?

When I was sick this week I did a pile of laundry, which still awaits its folding. Sad, that. Though clean unfolded clothes are preferable to unclean unfolded clothes.

BBEdit and Interarchy and Mac OS X have all updated in the past few months, and I'm behind the curve on all of them. Too much Windows-emphasis from me right now! Sad! I'll catch up before Christmas.

Speaking of goals, dude, I want a bike. Bike before Christmas is a goal as well.

Oh, and fixing San Diego Bloggers, which, merde! is utterly broken and has been for over a month. Sorry charlie. My old bad code was prone to SQL injection attacks and it died. I feel pretty bad about it, but with how busy I've been it's fallen by the wayside. Sorry to the folks out there. Check bloggernetwork.org. Leah's working on that one.

On the organized religion front, I'm not very impressed by my Pope's recent comments. I mean, it's simply uncouth to point out the butchery done in the name of someone else's religion. Probably better to be contrite about the bloodshed your own religion has caused. It hurts me to my heart. I quite like this acknowledgement from the Catechism of the Catholic Church:
The Church's relationship with the Muslims. "The plan of salvation also includes those who acknowledge the Creator, in the first place amongst whom are the Muslims; these profess to hold the faith of Abraham, and together with us they adore the one, merciful God, mankind's judge on the last day."
On Monday I start a new job, and I'm looking forward to it.

There are other irons in the fire for me too, but for now, that's enough.

Have a nice weekend y'all.Wishin', And Hopin', and Thinkin', and Prayin'The central insight here is that those killed by terrorists are NOT the intended targets. It's us, the onlookers. The worriers. Every time the US bans some new fluid or gel, we let the terrorists win. That's dumb. I'm sick of it. Read the whole essay.
Crypto-Gram: September 15, 2006
What the Terrorists Want

On August 16, two men were escorted off a plane headed for Manchester, England, because some passengers thought they looked either Asian or Middle Eastern, might have been talking Arabic, wore leather jackets, and looked at their watches -- and the passengers refused to fly with them on board. The men were questioned for several hours and then released.

On August 15, an entire airport terminal was evacuated because someone's cosmetics triggered a false positive for explosives. The same day, a Muslim man was removed from an airplane in Denver for reciting prayers. The Transportation Security Administration decided that the flight crew overreacted, but he still had to spend the night in Denver before flying home the next day. The next day, a Port of Seattle terminal was evacuated because a couple of dogs gave a false alarm for explosives.

On August 19, a plane made an emergency landing in Tampa, Florida, after the crew became suspicious because two of the lavatory doors were locked. The plane was searched, but nothing was found. Meanwhile, a man who tampered with a bathroom smoke detector on a flight to San Antonio was cleared of terrorism, but only after having his house searched.

On August 16, a woman suffered a panic attack and became violent on a flight from London to Washington, so the plane was escorted to the Boston airport by fighter jets. "The woman was carrying hand cream and matches but was not a terrorist threat," said the TSA spokesman after the incident.

And on August 18, a plane flying from London to Egypt made an emergency landing in Italy when someone found a bomb threat scrawled on an air sickness bag. Nothing was found on the plane, and no one knows how long the note was on board.

I'd like everyone to take a deep breath and listen for a minute.

The point of terrorism is to cause terror, sometimes to further a political goal and sometimes out of sheer hatred. The people terrorists kill are not the targets; they are collateral damage. And blowing up planes, trains, markets, or buses is not the goal; those are just tactics. The real targets of terrorism are the rest of us: the billions of us who are not killed but are terrorized because of the killing. The real point of terrorism is not the act itself, but our reaction to the act.

And we're doing exactly what the terrorists want.

We're all a little jumpy after the recent arrest of 23 terror suspects in Great Britain. The men were reportedly plotting a liquid-explosive attack on airplanes, and both the press and politicians have been trumpeting the story ever since.What The Terrorists WantIt looks like it's going to be a beautiful day. Radness. There's laundry to fold. Programming to do. Breakfast to have.

Go on about your business.

Onward.There's Always Someone Cooler Than YouPre-emptive lyrics of the day for Monday:
Lyrics | Pretzel Logic
You'll be riding by, bareback on your armadillo
You'll be grooving high or relaxing at Camarillo
Suddenly the music hits you
It's a bird in flight that just can't quit you

You got to come on man
And take a piece of Mister Parker's band

We will spend a dizzy weekend smacked into a trance
Me and you will listen to
A little bit of what made the preacher dance(Monday) Relaxing at CamarilloNew gig today in Camarillo. No more Ojai.

Wish me luck.

Looks like a pretty day. Awesome.

If you want some entertainment, check out the new Weird Al: White and Nerdy.

For the record, I don't know Klingon. But I do know JavaScript.Ojai You're In. Camarillo You're Out.
It's been a month since this shot was taken. That was a pretty good trip. I never did say more about my Greyhound Bus trip, particularly the part where I was explaining to the nice bus driver how I lost my boarding pass while he himself was almost about to come to blows with another man boarding the bus. That's a heckuva story, actually, if I ever get to it.

As it is, I do have a new job, and I do like it. It's a bit of everything, especially UI work. But also some ASP, PHP, SQL Server, MySQL. And we're migrating to Java/Oracle. Plus there's occasional fires to put out, which is fun. And the hours are good. I'm so looking forward to it all.

It's the magic hour now, very pretty sunrise today. Time to get started with the day.We Had Joy, We Had Fun, We Were Squinty In The SunHey! I know that guy! Check him out on tv: My Word with Douglas E. Welch: Douglas on YourLA today!Doug Welch on YourLA talking Podcasting!.

*The patient is feeling slightly better. Last night she was feverish, in pain, and honestly we were concerned that we might need to go to the Emergency Room. But as the night wore on, her fever dropped, and she's feeling a bit better. She's still bleeding some, but not copious. We're watching her real close, and today she seems almost chipper. Last night she was looking as poorly as I've ever seen her. Pale, sweaty, feverish, weak, barely communicative. But her vital signs were okay, and as I said, her fever dropped. She even had some chicken noodle soup before the end of the night. When I got a text message today that she had had even more, I was so proud.

Honestly, everything has taken second stage with this miscarriage. But things are getting back to normal, I hope for good.

Thanks so much for all your thoughtful comments and emails. Your thoughts and wishes and prayers are most welcome and actively comforting.Tiny UpdateI dig this song, as melodramatic as it is. The version I am listening to is by The Puppini Sisters though. British close harmony is wacky. Think Andrews Sisters.
Kate Bush -"Wuthering Heights"
Heathcliff, it's me--Cathy.
Come home. I'm so cold!
Let me in-a-your window.

Heathcliff, it's me--Cathy.
Come home. I'm so cold!
Let me in-a-your window.

Ooh, it gets dark! It gets lonely,
On the other side from you.
I pine a lot. I find the lot
Falls through without you.
I'm coming back, love.
Cruel Heathcliff, my one dream,
My only master.Now Playing: Wuthering Heights

Stevey's Blog Rants
(tags: blog computer programming opinion howto software)


OCaml - Wikipedia
I had never heard of this language before.
(tags: programming language)


vss2svn
Migrate away from VSS (suckworthy) to SVN (awesomeness)
(tags: vss svn programming software windows development)

Daily Links 	 		Main Page - Ajax Patterns 		(tags: ajax development programming tutorial javascript web) 	 	 		Json.NET - Newtonsoft 		(tags: ajax development programming javascript windows asp.net) 	 	 		json-xslt: XML 2 JSON 		(tags: ajax programming javascript web xml xslt) 	 	 		Google AJAXSLT 		(tags: ajax browser google programming javascript xml xslt) 	 	 		The Writing Life - washingtonpost.com 		For Leah 		(tags: writing books) 	 	 		Qcodo - PHP Development Framework 		(tags: php programming framework api database howto opensource) 	 	 		symfony - open-source PHP5 web framework 		(tags: ajax development programming php web framework) 	 	 		Zephyr - AJAX Based MVC Framework for PHP5 Developers 		(tags: ajax javascript opensource php programming) 	  Daily Links 	 		Systems Development Life Cycle - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		(tags: software programming systems business) 	 	 		US DOJ Systems Development Life Cycle Guidance 		(tags: software programming systems business development) 	 	 		QuickStudy: System Development Life Cycle 		(tags: software programming systems business) 	  Daily Links
i needed a laugh today. this was one.
found on the very juvenile farkWe can't stop here, this is bat country. 	 		Did Congress Kill Online Poker? [Fool.com: Commentary] October 3, 2006 		"Now, the new law won't actually make playing poker online illegal; what it will do is make it illegal for banks and credit card companies to transfer funds from U.S. customers to online gambling sites. And by making it difficult (at the very least) for A 		(tags: law gaming ecommerce uslaw) 	 	 		Jamaica Gleaner News - Online gaming in crisis over US ban 		This affects my current gig very much 		(tags: law us gaming) 	 	 		script.aculo.us Quick Reference :: Johnnys Thoughts 		(tags: ajax howto dhtml javascript web2.0 webdev tutorials tutorial) 	 	 		The SQL Server High Performance Series - Part I of III - Preamble 		Some interesting stuff here. I am specifically learning about db indexes (indices?) 		(tags: database design development programming software sqlserver) 	  Daily LinksHoly cow but the new Google Reader is pretty darn good. Fully worth using to read your RSS and Atom feeds.
The New Google Reader 	 		WFMU's Beware of the Blog: The Reel Night John Lennon Died 		I used to really enjoy taping the radio, I still have some mix tapes with old radio (1980s) on them and they're pretty fun. This one is evocative. 		(tags: audio history music nyc radio) 	 	 		Boing Boing: Church where you can walk on water 		That seems like a fun piece. Potentially strange and disorienting. 		(tags: art design technology religion) 	 	 		Google Code Search 		nifty. try searhing for "artlung" or "joe crawford" to find stuff by me. 		(tags: development programming search google software) 	 	 		Online viewer for PDF, PostScript and Word 		Hey, I'm acknowledged in the README file for a bug I found. Nifty! 		(tags: php pdf programming development) 	 	 		CSS Tab Designer 		Windows only. 		(tags: webdev css javascript howto programming) 	 	 		dojo, the Javascript Toolkit: brought to you by the Dojo Foundation 		inconsistent, but generally good stuff 		(tags: ajax javascript programming howto animation dhtml webdev interface) 	 	 		We Are Morons: a quick look at the Win2k source || kuro5hin.org 		(tags: microsoft windows history funny programming it) 	 	 		FireBug - JoeHewitt.com 		(tags: javascript programming webdev firefox) 	 	 		activeCollab - open source project management and collaboration tool. 		looks like a basecamp clone 		(tags: project php webdev opensource programming management) 	 	 		MODx Content Management System | Home 		yet another php framework 		(tags: php programming framework cms webdev mysql opensource gpl) 	 	 		kristeen young 		sounds like a mix between white stripes and kate bush. worth following a little. found via morrissey via memepool 		(tags: music culture via:memepool) 	  Daily Links 	 		Classic Texts in Computer Science 		nice set of links 		(tags: programming software) 	 	 		Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs 		supposedly a classic. and free! 		(tags: programming software school book) 	 	 		No Silver Bullet: 		Another by Fred Brooks
		(tags: programming software school management) 	 	 		Worse Is Better 		design philosophy 		(tags: programming software school design) 	  Daily Links 	 		Zentrum fr Mensch-Maschine-Kommunikation  ImageSorter 		sorts images by their content 		(tags: photo software photos photography) 	  Daily LinksWilliam Gibson's new novel will be called Spook Country.

Not sure when it will be released, but there's nothing on Amazon yet.William Gibson: Spook CountryThe opening song at Mass today, this evening, was Morning Has Broken, which I associate with Cat Stevens more than anyone else, though he did not write the song. It was a nice surprise. I remember my mother playing his record Teaser and the Firecat, and that's a nice memory.

Mass was packed, and ran long because of the blessings and words directed at this years' Confirmation initiates. My own confirmation happened for me when I was in the 8th grade. These kids I think were high-schoolers, though as I age I find it a bit harder to nail down such distinctions easily. In looking at the page for Confirmation, I see that the custom of taking a confirmation name -- I chose "Benedict" as mine, is just that, a local custom peculiar to English and German speaking. The Benedict I chose was Benedict of Nursia. I recall that I chose him because he was a kind of hermit. Read his biography and you see a lot about a life of study and isolation. It is a certainty I chose that as a person to model after because I felt myself so alone in the world. I had few friends by virtue of always being a new kid. The stretches of time afforded to a monk appealed to me. To draw and read and pray (in that order) were tremendously appealing. I was awkward and a little odd. I did my science project not on hurricanes or exploding volcanoes, but on the Pythagorean Theorem. I was cerebral and introverted.

I wondered who these kids will choose for their Confirmation name.

One aspect of the Mass was the family laying their hands on the initiates and blessing them. That's something uncommon in the Catholic Church. In a LDS/Mormon Church, there are various Priesthoods held by the men of the congregation, indeed, my stepsons have what is called a Priesthood.

True story, when my youngest got his latest Priesthood, an older Mormon male joked --mostly seriously -- that you (getters of that particular priesthood, age 12) "have more of God's power in your litte finger than 'That Man' in Rome does" -- I glanced at Ty on that one. Ty is savvy and understands -- even as a teen, that kind of a "cut." It was a nice point of discussion to discuss how that fellow might be cutting himself off from certain truths, and offending his audience, by dismissing other faiths in that way. It was a great teachable moment for the whole family. I know I got a lot from it.

I like something I read recently about something in the Baptist faith called "The Priesthood of all believers." This sounds like truth to me. This is in keeping with the idea of a "personal relationship with God." I think authorities can enhance that relationship, but in a vacuum, a disconnected person has that same agency, I believe.

On other fronts, a cousin of the kids was killed in a motorcycle accident in the San Diego area last week. We had had them this weekend, but this short-circuited all that. I prayed for their Dad's family, including them, at Mass. What else can one do?

Hey, I don't know anything. But I find the interfaith comparison thing fascinating. I'm learning every day.

As Oso says too, Onward.Morning Has BrokenNow here's some local history I didn't know: Report Claims Simi Valley Nuclear Meltdown Has Been Causing Cancer For Decades. How wild. This is not actually that close to us, I mean relatively. But I'll be watching the news. Here are two articles on ye olde Wikipedia: Santa Susana Field Laboratory; Rocketdyne Santa Susana Field Laboratory Contamination.

Funny, on the radio yesterday NPR was talking about nuclear power.

I think nuclear may be the way to go, but then I also think nuclear power requires such quality management that our own governments don't have the capacity to manage nuclear power.Simi Valley Nukes*sigh*
My object all sublime
I shall achieve in time 
To let the punishment fit the crime 
The punishment fit the crime;
And make each prisoner pent
Unwillingly represent
A source of innocent merriment!
Of innocent merriment!Of innocent merriment!Oso has a post you must read. Oso, God bless.
El Oso, El Moreno, and El Abogado : Hector Enrique Calderon Contreras
60 years down the road Ill be 86 and Hector Enrique Calderon Contreras will be 83. Who knows what the Internet will be like at that point. Who knows if this blog will still be online and if it is, who knows how significant or insignificant it will be in the sea of searchable information.

But maybe, just maybe, sometime in the next 60 years Hector Enrique Calderon Contreras will come across this post and hell remember the night he mugged a gringo tourist. Maybe that laptop he scored that night changed his life. Maybe he learned how to use a computer, was able to get a job, found himself inside the global economy.

Or maybe he sold it for $500 and used the money to buy drugs. Maybe he kept stealing. Maybe he wound up in jail or dead.Hector Enrique Calderon Contreras 	 		The Business of Software - Working from home... 		(tags: work advice telecommute) 	  Daily LinksBarCamp LA has a posse blog.

Awesome. Main page.
I missed the meeting last night. I'm just wiped out this week. But I intend to go to the camp.BarCamp LA Blogleahpeah : Blog Archive  Alex Is Sweet 16

Leah made that dress, in less than 24 hours. Based on a way-wrong "vintage" Vogue pattern and her own native skill.
Stunning, it was.
We're still recovering the house from the party - we moved things around a bunch to get lots of floor space, but it's all coming back around now with some hard work.leahpeah: Alex Is Sweet 16Find out more over at leahpeah.com. Fo' sho'.

Hope to hear from you over there!Writing Group Ventura CountyThere is always hope.

Even when you mess up, you have not wrestled control from Him. After all the dust has settled, where you are and how you are is exactly as He had planned at the outset of creation.

And so, there is always hope.
(this was the thought of the day from askmoses.com)Hope 	 		Great JavaScript Date Library 		Very useful. I actually used this in JScript for ASP -- very nice. 		(tags: javascript calendar programming asp webdev) 	 	 		Denial - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		(tags: psychology) 	 	 		Welcome to Adult Children of Alcoholics - World Service Organization, Inc. 		(tags: psychology recovery health) 	  Daily LinksI like that line. Read Joe the Potter.
Potters Journal: Taking the deer
I read Lost Coyotes blog this morning and left my response. Today is the opening day of Utahs deer hunt. It is like a state holiday. I believe the kids get Monday off from school. Ill not go walking in the mountains today. Last night I could hear the boom of rifles being sighted in at the range east of town. I have fond memories of the pre-dawn excitment waiting with my father when it was still to dark to see or shoot. Those we great times. He is a very good shoot having distiguished himself during his army days in California. Neither of us care to hunt much anymore. It wasa mostly to put meat on the table but the memories are priceless. He always took me to very remote places where he had spent time as a boy and where most Utah hunters dont go. The time alone with him was good medcine. My mother can cook venison better than anyone I have met.I'll not go walking in the mountains today 	 		Great Harvest Bread Co. of the Conejo Valley 		fresh bread locally. I bet Leah might be into this place. 		(tags: ventura simivalley thousandoaks newburypark) 	  Daily LinksThought of the day from AskMoses.com:
Remember you are not the body. Neither are you the animal that pounds within the body, demanding its way in every thing.

You are a G-dly soul. Do not confuse the pain and struggle of the body with the joy and purity of the G-dly soul.Not The Bodycalendarlive.com: THEATER - Just Stew being Stew

I *heart* Stew.

I hope to see this show eventually.latimes: Just Stew being StewTwo hours of Tom Barnett in twenty - thirty? - minutes
"Africa wont be the US - it will be a copy of China, which is a copy of Singapore, which is a copy of Japan, which is a copy of the US."Great TPM BArnett Quote 	 		Fast Windows: A faster Windows XP? Heres how! 		(tags: windows howto microsoft) 	 	 		phpide / Zend.com 		(tags: php programming webdev work eclipse ide) 	 	 		YouTube - Unicycle try-all X treme 		amazing unicycling, for ty 		(tags: sports) 	 	 		SourceForge.net: Propel - PHP object persistence 		for php5 only though 		(tags: database framework php) 	 	 		ezSQL Database Class (2.00) | JV Multimedia 		(tags: php programming webdev mysql) 	  Daily LinksBuy a Comic.Or heck, just send me money.

I also have a lot of tech books I could sell you at a reasonable price.

Consider this a garage sale.Simply Put: We Need Moneygreetings all fellow websandiegans.

in 1999, i started this mailing list, and soon after the website at websandiego.org.

since moving away 2 years ago, i have not been much of a steward of this list, and frankly have lost interest. i love and cherish this place, but i have moved on. i have appreciated so much those of you who have formally and informally made this list better. by moderating posts, by organizing events, by promoting the list, by just making the conversations great. not too much flaming, good talk, a good mailing list now, a great one in the past.

so what to do? what is the proper way to transition it out of my hands, and into someone else's? how can i do this while respecting the history of the list, and not incurring any costs on my own part. and i'm not even sure what all the issues are to think about.

recently (read: yesterday) i sold the domain sandiegobloggers.com, that was a wake-up call for me, that these sites i have been facilitating might be worth something to someone. and frankly, right now i need money more than i need websites that i can't adequately devote time to.

i still have strong roots in san diego (still family and many friends there) but my interest and knowledge of what's happening there has waned considerably.

so, i guess what i'm asking is -- how do i move it, what's it worth (should i put the whole thing up on ebay?), what conditions would you, the members put on a transition, and how do i do it in such a way that it does not get killed in the process?

and here's a toughie, just by bringing this up have i shaken some measure of confidence you have in this community.

i'm open to all interested parties thoughts on this. public or not. email or phone or smoke signal.

joe crawford
--
simi valley, california, usa
http://joecrawford.com/
805-857-3951what shall we do with websandiego.org and the mailing list?Forgiveness - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Forgiveness is the mental and/or spiritual process of ceasing to feel resentment or anger against another person for a perceived offence, difference or mistake, or ceasing to demand punishment or restitution. Forgiveness may be considered simply in terms of the feelings of the person who forgives, or in terms of the relationship between the forgiver and the person forgiven. In some contexts, it may be granted without any expectation of compensation, and without any response on the part of the offender (for example, one may forgive a person who is dead). In practical terms, it may be necessary for the offender to offer some form of apology or restitution, or even just ask for forgiveness, in order for the wronged person to believe they are able to forgive.

Most world religions include teachings on the nature of forgiveness, and many of these teachings provide an underlying basis for the varying modern day theories and practices of forgiveness. Instances of teachings on forgiveness such as the parable of the Prodigal Son[1] and Mahatma Gandhi's forgiveness of his assassin as he lay dying, are well known instances of such teachings and practices of forgiveness. Some religious doctrines or philosophies place greater emphasis on the need for humans to find some sort of divine forgiveness for their own shortcomings, others place greater emphasis on the need for humans to practice forgiveness between one another, yet others make little or no distinction between human and/or divine forgiveness.Forgiveness 	 		Php Object Generator (v2.1.2) - Open Source PHP Code Generator 		(tags: php programming mysql database webdev) 	 	 		DaDaBIK |\.-./| - DaDaBIK is a DataBase Interfaces Kreator - Create a PHP Web front-end for a MySQL PostgreSQL Oracle MS SQL Server database in a minute 		(tags: php programming mysql database webdev) 	 	 		AutoStitch 		free tool to make panoramas 		(tags: freeware graphics photos photography via:mefi) 	  Daily Links6 Righteousness guards the man of integrity,
but wickedness overthrows the sinner.

7 One man pretends to be rich, yet has nothing;
another pretends to be poor, yet has great wealth.

8 A man's riches may ransom his life,
but a poor man hears no threat.

9 The light of the righteous shines brightly,
but the lamp of the wicked is snuffed out.

10 Pride only breeds quarrels,
but wisdom is found in those who take advice.

11 Dishonest money dwindles away,
but he who gathers money little by little makes it grow.

12 Hope deferred makes the heart sick,
but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life.

13 He who scorns instruction will pay for it,
but he who respects a command is rewarded.

14 The teaching of the wise is a fountain of life,
turning a man from the snares of death.

15 Good understanding wins favor,
but the way of the unfaithful is hard. [a]

16 Every prudent man acts out of knowledge,
but a fool exposes his folly.

17 A wicked messenger falls into trouble,
but a trustworthy envoy brings healing.

18 He who ignores discipline comes to poverty and shame,
but whoever heeds correction is honored.

19 A longing fulfilled is sweet to the soul,
but fools detest turning from evil.

20 He who walks with the wise grows wise,
but a companion of fools suffers harm.Proverbs 13So funny!
defective yeti: Ice, Ice baby
My god, what are we teaching this generation of children? First we have the prequels, portraying Darth Vader as the kind of sensitive romantic more likely to join a boy band called U 'n' I than the Sith, and now the Wampa Ice Creature is being recast as an adorable, pocket-size critter suitable for cuddling? Where will it end? Grand Moff Tarkin getting named "#1 Grandpa?"Moff DefNow crawl to me Magellan across your barren straits
I'm stranded on the sidewalk but I'm sailing
Now the rose is whispering and dripping bouquet
Now my tongue is listening to every insect message that you've
sent to me Columbus across your fruited plain
soul shipwrecked 'tween the pillars of your failing
Now the rose is glistening and screaming my name
Now my tongue is listening to every insect message on the town
every insect message undergroundSent to be Columbus [fragment]"A man got to have a code"

- OmarDuote of the Qay 	 		Information Architects Japan  Blog Archive  Web design is 95% typography 		(tags: typography web webdesign design css) 	 	 		My Fast Food name is SAM (criticalMAS.com) 		the boys sometimes play with the names they give. leah too. funny stuff. 		(tags: funny sandiego) 	 	 		The Phone Screen - Joel on Software 		(tags: jobs interview technology programming) 	  Daily LinksEvery day is new.

Affirmation: "I am capable of changing."

Backup Affirmation: "I am enough."The New New ThingReligious practice fascinates me lately:
Tefillin - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Tefillin Hebrew: , also called phylacteries, are either of two boxes containing Biblical verses and black, leather straps attached to them which are used in rabbinic Jewish prayer. They are an essential part of morning prayer services, and are worn on a daily basis except the Sabbath and festivals by many Jews. In this article the term to lay tefillin will be used throughout but it is still correct to use wear.Tefillin 	 		Barfko-Swill - Official Store: Product 'Trance-Fusion' 		new record. 		(tags: zappa music) 	 	 		The Daily WTF - No Need to Change It! 		Funny COBOL story. True. True. 		(tags: funny programming development) 	  Daily Linkswie geht's y'all:

stew sez, originally started back in 2003 for stew to vent some writing, has been given a facelift and new interface -- it's a blog.

i'm proud to have been able to set this up for stew, and am looking forward to reading more and eventually seeing "passing strange" too.

check it out at http://joecrawford.com/stewsez/

- joestew sez 2.0Everyday I build a mask
Up to the task
But now there's no real me

Call me a collage
Of spare parts found in Berlin's garage
But there's no real me

I cut clippings from my dreams
And move them around till they look like me
But there's no real me

My paste-on eyes can see right through
All of you
But you don't see me

Josephine entertained
They'd laughed and swooned
All she had was her pain
Carefully tuned

Boy was she was without shame
So elegantly marooned
The mask was just her band-aid
She worked the wound

I finally found a home
Between the clicks of a metronome
Now there's no real me

I went out on a limb
But the tree disappeared and the sky grew dim
Now there's no real me

My pain entertains
I see you applaud
Thanking God you're sane
Now woe is me

I'm cursed to entertain
You laugh and swoon
All I have is my pain
Sharp and in tune
And should I feel ashamed since I'm still here marooned
No one else can be blamed
For me working the wound
I'm still working the wound
I'm still working the wound
I'm still working the wound

(stew's blog; passing strange: now playing at the berkeley repertory theatre)Working the Wound: by stew (lyrics) 	 		One Of Our Submarines 		really interesting thomas dolby song. 		(tags: music 1980s) 	 	 		Getting Real 		the 37signals book 		(tags: business software technology books book via:mathowie) 	  Daily Links 	 		TightVNC 		great app for remote controlling boxe 		(tags: remote opensource freeware software) 	  Daily Links 	 		The Joy of Tech presents Mac-O'Lanterns! 		(tags: halloween howto) 	  Daily Links 	 		symfony - open-source PHP web framework 		(tags: php opensource framework programming webdesign webdev) 	 	 		On the Edge of Blade Runner - Google Video 		bbc documentary on blade runner. why did this never get a dvd release with a special edition? kind of a shame. br deserves good treatment. 		(tags: cyberpunk movies scifi documentary video) 	 	 		The R Project for Statistical Computing 		visualization and charts and graphs 		(tags: visualization graphics opensource design software) 	 	 		Sentimental Journey / Nagi Noga 		excellent concept, well executed. the song shines through, despite being in a language that is not native to me 		(tags: video art music japan) 	  Daily LinksThis is the time of year when traffic spikes with my post featuring my killer Halloween Pumpkin Designs from a billion years ago. Enjoy y'all!
Happy Halloween Rerun!when will flickering candles, orange haze, undulating shadows and the face of the one you love cease to be the best television ever? - stew

With all due respects to Bob Barker, I would have bet anything that he was already dead. And I would have bet everything that "The Price Is Right" was no longer on the air. I've got to start watching more TV. - j-walk

You're not really having an adventure unless knowledge of your blood type is required beforehand. - coop

Luckily, the coroner who lives next door refused to supply the scattered body parts they sought to complete the illusion. - defamer

I turned into a Democrat just to be rebellious. - leahpeah

After all, their application ran perfectly on the System/3 and there was no need to change it. - daily wtf

Today is Halloween, and may I just remind you how much I don't like this holiday? - mark evanierwit and wisdom of people i readThe festival of All Saints, also sometimes known as All Hallows or Hallowmas ("hallows" meaning "saints," and "mas" meaning "Mass"), is a feast celebrated in their honor. Halloween is the day proceeding it, and is so named because it is" The Eve of All Hallows". All Saints is also a Christian formula invoking all the faithful saints and martyrs, known or unknown. The Western Christian holiday (called Festum omnium sanctorum in Latin) falls on November 1, followed by All Souls' Day on November 2, and is a Holy Day of Obligation in the Latin Rite Roman Catholic Church, with a vigil and an octave. Among the Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Rite Catholics, All Saints follows the earlier tradition kept by the whole Church of keeping the feast on the first Sunday after Pentecost and as such marks the close of the Easter season.
More.Festum omnium sanctorumI know, why the heck would you have to do this? Well, here's how you would do it:

< %
Option Explicit

' This redefines the "left" function' Yes, it's hard to defend this kind of' overriding of native VBScript functionsFunction Left(mystring,mynumber)
Left = Right(mystring,mynumber)
End Function

Dim sc, cmd
' This code is the way to get to the "real" old version
set sc = CreateObject("MSScriptControl.ScriptControl")' set the language
sc.Language = "VBScript"' what command do you want to call?
cmd = "Left(""hello"",1)"
Response.Write Eval(cmd)
Response.Write ","
Response.Write Left("hello", 1)
Response.Write ","
' here we call the one that produces the right result
Response.Write sc.Eval(cmd)
%>

Output:o,o,hWhat if you have to un-override a native VBScript Function?I trust that the universe is unfolding as it should.affirmationOfTheDay 	 		Magical Web Interface Development - JavaServer Faces 		(tags: java development programming interface) 	  Daily Links 	 		Locomotive 		Mac manager for RoR 		(tags: mac opensource programming rubyonrails software webdev development) 	  Daily Links 	 		moo.fx - size does matter 		(tags: javascript css design webdev) 	  Daily Links 	 		socalTECH - resources for startups, high technology, in Southern California - Los Angeles, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Pasadena and beyond 		(tags: socal losangeles sandiego technology events business jobs) 	  Daily LinksYes, I did. The End.I voted. 	 		Ionic's ISAPI Rewrite Filter 		Updated, and it works. Me likey. 		(tags: opensource webdev windows iis webserver asp mod_rewrite isapi) 	 	 		10-Week (Actually 13-week now) Free AJAX Programming (with Passion!) Online Course 		(tags: ajax training tutorial) 	 	 		gotAPI/Search 		potentially useful 		(tags: programming reference) 	 	 		the Right Was Right 		silly. 		(tags: funny politics) 	  Daily Links 	 		Crow Busters 		we get a lot of crows, but i don't think i want to eat them 		(tags: bird culture strange) 	 	 		dojo toolkit - accordion demo 		(tags: programming javascript dhtml html) 	  Daily Links 	 		Dallas by Jimmie Dale Gilmore 		Dallas is a rich man with a death wish in his eyes 		(tags: music lyrics) 	 	 		Fredrik and Crew on Maiken: Stone sea and volcano 		trip on the sea captures a volcanic island being formed 		(tags: geology photography travel ocean) 	  Daily Links 	 		15 Seconds : Using Model-View-Controller Architecture with ASP 3.0 		(tags: mvc asp) 	 	 		Random Technology: Simple MVC ASP Framework 		(tags: mvc asp opensource) 	  Daily LinksMetro Blog for sale: For Sale? SanDiegoBlog

The times, they are a- ... well, you know the rest.

All blessings.Metroblog for Sale 	 		SignOnSanDiego.com > News > Metro -- Navy sewage flowed to bay since '04 		Yuck. 		(tags: sandiego military environment) 	  Daily Links

I don't really feel very cool today, but I caught a few minutes of the Charlie Brown Thanksgiving Special last night, and, well, here he is. Or is that me?

I loved Snoopy when I was a kid. Viz: Snoopy the Red Baron, 1975

My grandmother made clothes for my Snoopy. As a matter of fact, I think I still have the clothes she made for my Snoopy. He had a cape, and a Sailor's hat. It's in the garage where there are some artifacts from my boxed-up childhood.

I'm 36 years old. I still have affection for Snoopy. I find Charles Schulz to be a tragic figure though. Based on the interviews I read, he never fulfilled the ambitions of his life. Maybe I am misreading him -- maybe he was self-critical, but despite having created the most popular comic strip of his age and becoming fabulously wealthy, he didn't consider himself a "real artist" because his medium was not oil paint and canvas, it was bristol board and ink -- and because his work was in the newspaper, not in a "real gallery."

It makes me stop to consider my life. Will I consider it to have been worthwhile? I've been making changes toward what it is that I want, and it's been a great transition. But a hard transition. Very damn hard. It's hard to look yourself in the heart and figure out what's there. But it's infinitely rewarding too. It's been a necessary process.

Yo kids, onward, as to war.Joe Cool"No, Galactus can eat me and my family. I do not want to save 32% per issue."

Very very funny. See also: Galactus. Chick Tracts.

(Maybe you have to be familiar with the Marvel Universe and disturbing Christian fundamentalist comics to find it funny, though).No, Galactus can eat me and my family.There are no grapes in grape-nuts. 	 		The Daily WTF - [CodeSOD] XML vs CSV : The Choice is Obvious 		I've never written anything *this* bad. But I'll admit to writing pretty bad stuff. 		(tags: funny xml sad programming) 	 	 		LA Daily News - Frank Zappa is now revered at home 		Makes me want to go to that little museum. 		(tags: zappa history california) 	 	 		Forms Validation with CakePHP 		nice to see articles on CakePHP, which I'm enjoying using right now on a few things 		(tags: framework php tutorial cakephp programming) 	  Daily Links
I've been doing this for a long time. This year marks my tenth year of having a personal website and being known as ArtLung. My earliest website, from my days on geocities, is archived at http://artlung.com/archive/1/Ten Years of ArtLung on the Webmy friend missewon will have surgery today. please keep a good thought and/or prayer for her.missewon goes to surgey
July of 2005? I believe we were on a drive back from, or to, San Diego and we stopped at a Circle-K -- I think it was in San Marcos. And this dude was minding the store, and practicing his shredding. (And yes, wikipedia has an entry for shredding).

Leah snapped these photos, though for the life of me I'm not sure she ever wrote about it. I think she was the one who asked him if it was okay to be photographed.

I've been cleaning house on my servers and found the photos, so there it is.

Update: she did post it.Guitar Man at Circle-K 	 		stew sez 		(tags: stew music blog writing) 	  Daily LinksDear Readers:

What are you doing reading me? Shouldn't you be eating turkey or tofurkey?

Love,

Joe

p.s.: I am thankful too. There is so much to be thankful for. And Leah, me too.ThanksgivingNot something I expected for this week of Thanks:
Hey this is Erin calling from the hospital and I'm not sure if you all know but I do have cancer and I will be doing treatments eventually. We need to find out more about what that pathology is and, like, I don't know what to expect. and it's probably not going to come back until some time next week...
I'm prayin' for ya gal. Rock on.In Hospital: MissEwon
At least my eye is. Thanks for showing me this Leah.I Am Beautiful
I'm pretty sure this is where I been. I'll defer to my family for fuller information. Also add The Philippines, England, France, and Italy. And Guam and Japan, though I was only in airports there, so it scarcely counts.

You have to know where you been to know where you're going, right?

Today: boys have a playoff game for their team, and I intend to buy a bike. I been pricing them and I think I know which one I want.

Last night I saw "Stranger than Fiction" and was moved. Really beautiful movie.

I hope you have a wonderful day.Where you been?We have always been at war with Oceania.
Been a while since I blogged. More this weekend, promise. Lots and lots of good stuff happening.Sardonic Political Comment of the DayI don't follow many comics or webcomics these days. Over the years I've been enamored of ones like Sinfest (fully likable, manga inspired, vaguely religious) and Penny Arcade  (a little too inside-baseball, all about gaming and nerds, not my thing, but the ferocity and velocity of the humor can be pretty great, though the language can get to be too extreme). I also like the Perry Bible Fellowship (which I can only recommend if you can appreciate deeply twisted and cynical comics that come in a nearly infinite variety of styles, it can be a bit too adult as well). The most successful comic for me is not even a comic, but an animation, and that's HomeStarRunner, which I consider just about a perfect use of the web for fun entertainment, and I truly appreciate that it's family friendly. All that said, my favorite lately is Cat and Girl which works for me graphically, simple while still being fun, and sometimes deeply smart, even profoundly so. Check out the latest one: "Che and Castro were the Steve and Eydie of Socialist Cuba", -- and the silly title is not even the best part! here's a sample two frames, not funny, but a taste of the kind of stuff that gets inserted into what's ostensibly a silly webcomic:

I like erudition and philosophy mixed in with my silly kartoon hijinks. Cat and Girl delivers.Cat and Girl Make Me Laff

Santy KlawsAs we enter Advent, the season prior to Christmas, the title of one of the bootlegs of Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention performances comes to mind. The recording was made in Stockholm in 1967. The title is "'Tis The Season To Be Jelly." Here's the words of the introduction to the rollicking song "King Kong," spoken by Frank:
The name of this song is King Kong. It's the story of a very large gorilla who lived in the jungle. And he was doing okay until some Americans came by and thought that they would take him home with them. They took him to the United States, and they made some money by using the Gorilla, then they killed him.
Leave it to Frank to summarize that story in a sardonic, cynical, funny and sad way.

In 1967 I did not exist.

I have a lot of blogging in me today, I think. It's a windy and interesting day.King KongMy buddy missewon has cancer. Her spirits are up. That rocks.

Like I said in that last post, it's Advent. [Advent (from the Latin Adventus, sc. Redemptoris, "the coming of the Saviour") is a holy season of the Christian church, the period of expectant waiting and preparation for the celebration of the Nativity of Christ, also known as the season of Christmas. It is the beginning of the Western Christian year. (The Eastern churches begin the year on 1 September.)] Maybe that's something happening, something in the air. Maybe after the political winds shifted last month, there's a new kind of optimism happening. Maybe it's even religious or spiritual in nature?

Or maybe people, while being cynical about the Christmas and Holiday stuff ip all over the place, seemingly overnight, are suffused with Holiday spirit?

Or maybe people just are feeling good because they get more days off work during the holidays?

At Mass this morning, the priest mentioned the UCLA/USC game, which is a huge local football (and otherwise) rivalry, and which UCLA won for the first time in a while. Even mathowie mentioned it, and he's not even in L.A. anymore. Admittedly, we're in Ventura County and a few dozen miles away from the heart of it, but it's still out there in the culture. My stepkids love USC. LOVE it. Here's a photo chosen by pure chance from leah's flickrstream. Tyler's hero is Reggie Bush, former star running back for USC.

Personally I don't really care for or care about football. But when my kids are on the field and playing, I can't help but get into it. They lost last night, outplayed in the playoffs, but they had a great season and showed real heart and hard work. I never really had that experience as a youth. Sports was not something that spoke to me. Not, like, at all. Sports was something you did with your body. The question I would get asked by my elders was "do you want to be a ditchdigger?" - because apparently manual labor was the worst possible thing, ever. I took that to heart, and anything to do with the body was unimportant to me. It was an easy choice to make, because I was often overweight, very cerebral, and shy. So, no ditchdigging, and no sports. Well, there was some T-Ball:

I was scared of the ball. I did enjoy playing catcher, which I did sometimes, sometimes. Of course, memory is tricky. I can say "I enjoyed it" and not really have much in the way of specific memories other than that the glove I had was huge and black and was my Dad's "grownup" real glove. And I liked how the catcher's extra mask and padding felt. That was fun to wear. But I also remember dreading being in the ourfield. I was scared of the ball. It all seemed so dumb most of the time. There were legos to be played with, there were books to read. What's the big deal about some white ball?
There's a quote in Neuromancer that resonated with me when I was younger. It addresses the disjunction between the head and the mind. (Background: Neuromancer is the sine qua non of cyberpunk literature). Case, the hero, or rather antihero, was a cyberspace cowboy, a hacker with skills to navigate the shared infospace of the net, the matrix, to do jobs, jacked directly into the matrix by means of a port on the side of his neck. He was poisoned by gangsters, and punishment. It meant he could no longer hack inside the matrix. He was a regular person.


For Case, who'd lived for the bodiless exultation of cyberspace, it was the Fall. In the bars he'd frequented as a cowboy hotshot, the elite stance involved a certain relaxed contempt for the flesh. The body was meat. Case fell into the prison of his own flesh.

The body means nothing. The mind, everything. Hey, I resembled that remark!

And look at that capitalization of "Fall" there. That's an allusion to Adam and Eve's expulsion from Eden. For what? For eating from the tree of knowledge. That William Gibson is a cagey. It blows me away that I began blogging before Gibson. But there he is now, blogging away. And here's a wikipedia article on The Fall of Man.

No longer do I view my body as a prison. It's a tool, a gift. I can enjoy it and take care of it, and even look forward to having a bike to enjoy. I am annoyed, though, when I have dental issues. Specifically, pain. I look forward to when I have dental insurance coverage again (T minus 28 days). I'm having some issues with my fillings. As in, two are not where they used to be. Thanks, I'll pass on the ice cream.

I feel like I'm bursting with words today, but I'll stop there for now. It will be another lovely day. I have some things to do around the house, and project work to do. There's hope in the air, and expectation in the zeitgeist. It all feels like, victory.

Yours in hypermedia,

JoeHope and Advent
"Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of all our Traditions, ever reminding us to place principles before personalities." - AA TraditionsLohan Not Clear On The Second "A"Time with the kids went into overtime today, fires in Moorpark have meant that school is out for Moorpark tomorrow. Instant 3-day weekend for the kids!
We did find the moment to decorate the Christmas tree and decorate sugar cookies. They may (almost) all be teens, but they enjoy Christmas... they just enjoy some ironic distance from it as well.

p.s: I like eggnog and 7-up and cognac. (ratio: 6:5:1)

Kids off tomorrow, but not me. Sleep soon.Fires in Moorpark = OvertimeHonestly? I was pretty sad when I heard from Leah that she was headed to Seattle for Thanksgiving. With my family all elsewhere, and few contacts here in the area, and with very short notice, the upshot was that I'd be alone on Thanksgiving. My traveling with her was out of the question as I had previously committed to working on Friday.

So I sulked for about a day and resolved to make it the best solo Thanksgiving ever. And you know, it was!

Thanksgiving Eve I took Leah to the Burbank Airport. Traffic was fine from our place, but on the opposite side of the freeway was daunting traffic. I dropped her off and left her in the hands of the fine folks of the Transportation Security Administration. I left the airport and went and hung out at Fry's. Fry's Burbank is themed like a 1950's Martian Invasion, which is neither here nor there, but it adds to the ambiance. So I walked about, considering Christmas and watching kids play Guitar Hero. So that killed maybe an hour, then I made my way to the Burbank Barnes & Noble. There I bought Scott McCloud's latest opus on comics: Making Comics. So far, it's excellent.

Another hour killed, I made my way back home. I bought groceries for the next day, presuming that everything would be closed the next day. Actually, the posted hours on the local Albertson's was that they'd be open Thanksgiving to the early afternoon. Still and all, I made my purchases. I did pretty well: A 10 pound turkey (their smallest, I avoided the 45 pound monsters), a prepared sweet potato pie, prepared cranberry dressing by Boston Market, fresh broccoli, lettuce, roma tomatoes, blue cheese dressing, and for dessert: the Cars DVD.  I went home and hit the sack. It had been a long work day. I got a text message later from Leah in Las Vegas, and hit the sack. She arrived VERY late at SEATAC. You can catch her own story of the journey after her landing over here at Three Car Rides (1 of 3). I got a text message when she arrived but didn't get up. I slept.

I awoke pretty early, focused hard on the fact that today, there was no work to be done. I blogged briefly, and set to cooking.

The first thing I did was start the turkey. I have cooked a turkey before, many years ago. I've seen it done several ways. Some say the brine method is the best. Some say the paper bag method works best. I went with following the instructions on the packaging. I rinsed and dried it off. I set it up on a shallow roasting pan.

Then I made up some stuffing. Leah had previously saved out some bread for stuffing, which I used. I used a recipe she had used a few weeks back. Problem: it called for celery, and we had none. Being alone, I made the executive decision to simply use onions to replace the celery. It very aromatic. Yes, I cried as I chopped it. I sauteed them, mixed the recipe up, and stuffed the bird. I finished that up at 11am. My cook time was 3 1/2 hours. I got the notion to see a movie. So I hopped in the car to see what might be playing. Sadly, no movies started that early, so my car trip was for naught. Still, it was kind of fun to see everything but the food stores shut down. The groceries stores were BUSTLING.

I got home, and put in Cars. I quite enjoyed it. I have never managed to see it in the theater and I really enjoyed it. As I watched, I also worked on peeling potatoes. There must be mashed potatoes. (Flash forward: the thing I didn't do was make any gravy, which is a little sad in retrospect, but I didn't really miss it). I peeled and washed maybe 5 medium sized potatoes and set them cooking.

As the end of turkey cook time neared, I put on the broccoli to steam. I also sliced tomatoes and tossed a salad with the iceberg lettuce I had bought. Humble, but tasty. I also snuck some blue cheese and tomatoes. Blue cheese appeals to my palate in the strongest way. It's awfully high in calories, but the taste knocks me out.

Oh, I forgot! I also bought some rolls, a French bread, and a ham. The French bread I didn't touch, but I heated the ham and had little sandwiches as the turkey cooked and Cars played. It was tasty.

For the last 30 minutes of cooking the turkey, I removed the foil. It looked PERFECT. All but the top of the bird was a not too-done golden brown.

Cars ended and I put on the on-demand latest episode of The Wire. I had seen it before, but it's so darn good, it bears watching as I try and keep up with the Baltimore slang and plot developments.

I assembled my plate. Turkey white and dark, a Turkey leg, broccoli lightly salted, a blue cheese salad, stuffing from inside the bird, mashed potatoes, cranberry sauce. It was entirely great, and thoroughly enjoyable.

There's a concept called "taking care of yourself" that doesn't get much play. It has to do with treating yourself the way you would want others to treat you. On Thanksgiving I truly did that. I think previous incarnations of myself would have indulged in self-pity and loneliness. Instead, I viewed the day as an adventure -- an opportunity. As a result, it was a great day. I missed my wife, it could have been different, maybe better, maybe worse, but bottom line, I had a great deal to be thankful for, and I'm glad it turned out so well.

There's an affirmation I quite like, and it's a hard one to hear and understand and accept, but it's apt: I trust that the universe is unfolding as it should. I admit that that trust sometimes comes with great difficulty. Sometimes the trust doesn't come at all.

Still and all, there's the universe, unfolding and unfolding, like an infinite origami trick. It's quite beautiful if you can manage to immerse yourself in it.Thanksgiving '06There's a lingering scent of smoke in my nose. I can't quite tell if that scent is leftover from having driven within 15 miles of the Moorpark Fires, or whether that scent is just as present and strong in Camarillo.

It's discomfiting.

Douglas Adams has an essay in Last Chance to See, his foray into environmental writing, about Rhinos. I think it's Rhinos, anyway. He describes their powerful olfactory senses, and that their sense of smell allows them to "time travel" because of the way scent propagates, they might be smelling something that passed near many minutes ago. Their perception, then, is not in sync with time, so their conception of the world around them, being largely blind, is based on this older information.

I can't possibly do it justice, but smoke in my nose makes me remember that essay and how much I liked it.Smoke Gets In Your Nose 	 		Media Orchard, by the Idea Grove 		Surprising and refreshingly funny and insightful interview with Drew Curtis of Fark.com. If you have no time to read, skip down to the question: "In general, do you have any advice for traditional news Web sites that are envious of what you've been able t 		(tags: business web interview fark advertising) 	 	 		Giving It Away - Forbes.com 		Cory Doctorow on giving his books away free on the internet, and somehow making a living at it. 		(tags: books copyright business publishing technology) 	  Daily Links 	 		Lego Programming 		Never a silver bullet, ever. 		(tags: programming software development) 	  Daily LinksA moving story. Potter's Journal: Rebirth in Spring CityRebirth in Spring CityI know, I have more to say, but honestly, Joe the Potter has great stuff these days. His pottery makes great Christmas gifts, too.
Potter's Journal: Firing with Lee
Yesterday I arose at 5 am and made my way to the kiln that Lee and I had loaded the night before. The temperature outside was hanging around ten degrees F. That was up from the five degrees of the past several mornings. Lee, always looking out for me, got me a set of insulated overalls that I gratefully wore. I prayed as I kindled the fire in the main firebox. I always do that, asking that the fire goes well and that the pots will carry the spirit of this fire into the homes and the lives of the people who use them. Sometimes if someone I know is sick or in particular need I'll dedicate the fire to them. Each firing is a ceremony, each stick of wood going into the kiln with a prayer for someone. The smoke that goes up the stack carries the prayer aloft.Smoke carries the prayers aloftLeah's body rejects nose piercing: The Nose Knows?

There's always next time. She had it pierced before she knew me, and if I were a betting man I'd say she'll do it again sometime. Maybe tomorrow, maybe in 15 years. But she likes them.
For a long time I thought the appearance of my mate reflects on me, and my estimation of myself was in relation to that. No longer. I used to reject the idea of such a piercing in my mate for just that reason. Yeah, it's disordered thinking to base one's own self-image on the appearance of someone else. Luckily that's not my style anymore.

Interestingly, one of the few dress code rules at my current employer is "no facial piercings," so I have an excuse not to be confronted with an impulse to have one.

I thought it looked really lovely on her, for the record. I usually don't find such things my cup of tea, but it looked really great on her. Then again, look at the canvas it was placed on. ;-)The Nose Knows? 	 		How to Create Great HTML Emails with CSS - WebReference.com- 		(tags: html css design howto) 	 	 		The Productivity Perks Behind Prototype's Popularity 		(tags: javascript programming webdev framework) 	 	 		Django | Documentation 		(tags: python programming webdev framework django) 	 	 		Django | The Web framework for perfectionists with deadlines 		(tags: python programming webdev framework django) 	 	 		The Django Book 		(tags: python programming webdev framework django) 	 	 		An Open Source AJAX Comparison Matrix 		Very nice intro. 		(tags: javascript ajax programming webdev) 	 	 		Suckerfish Dropdowns - Perciformes! 		(tags: dhtml javascript css webdev design webdesign howto) 	  Daily LinksThings are really hard, yo. Even when they're really good.SometimesAnother day. Lovely one I think and affirm.

Onward.And BoomDear LazyWeb:

I discovered the Model-View-Controller pattern earlier this year. Well, not discovered, I had read about it in OO programming articles years ago. And it's been around for decades. But this year I think I'm finally getting it.

I think the reason I never got it was because I'd never encountered a system that used it very well, or forced you to use it. Everything I've worked on so far I now understand as very procedural, even in my C++ and Java classes things the OO part of it was not really emphasized more than you're forced to for those languages.

Only some web apps I've worked on use objects, but mostly code with lots of functions in a global namespace. Lots of hokey validation everywhere, lots and lots of duplications to do things like CRUD and client-side validation. Now that I'm working with CakePHP (and previous dabbling with Ruby on Rails and much older experience with FuseBox and FuseBox II) I feel like I'm beginning to "get" it - like it's in my head. I particularly have enjoyed using JavaScript in a hyper-OO way. Though I understand now that JavaScript is OO without the classes, making it sort of fundamentally wierd and different.

That said, I think what I'm ready for is some kind of "in the wild" book about OO programming and MVC, something that has some good background as to *why* MVC works how it does. Maybe not a book, but maybe essays? I feel like what I'm looking for is a  articles with the theme "Thinking in MVC."

Being so fresh to it I really have a hard time discriminating good writing about MVC vs. bad writing. I can't tell a difference between what's dogma and what's really useful, especially where to not be so OO, and deciding where to create new classes and when not to.

Any and all suggestions for my intellectual stimulation are welcome.

Update 12/12/2006

Two books from O'Reilly:


Head First Design Patterns

Head First Object-Oriented Analysis and Design




And some good links for further study:


A Paradigm shift in MVC

Improving the design pattern of web applications with AJAX

Applying Robustness Analysis on the Model-View-Controller (MVC) Architecture in ASP.NET Framework, using UML

Development of web application using MVC II design pattern or why following MVC II will help me


Help me think in MVCjoephone: @fry.s
leahphone: But r there flies?
joephone: No flies but you are a prize
leahphone: The space between us our love does not disguise
joephone: And now my face a smile can not hidetxt msgs b2ween joe and lp b4 leah left on plane 	 		Pitchfork Feature: Interview: Tom Waits 		(tags: music interview) 	 	 		Social Facts, Expertise, Citizendium, and Carr. Many-to-Many: 		I've missed Clay Shirky's essays. Many 2 Many just hit my reading list again. 		(tags: socialsoftware shirky wikipedia wiki culture) 	 	 		Friends, friendsters, and top 8: Writing community into being on social network sites 		Another good Danah Boyd article 		(tags: socialsoftware culture internet psychology research) 	 	 		Creating Passionate Users: The Asymptotic Twitter Curve 		(tags: psychology internet socialsoftware) 	 	 		Vitamin Features  How to Shut up and Get to Work! 		(tags: work psychology business) 	 	 		GUI Architectures 		Take Model-View-Controller as an example. It's often referred to as a pattern, but I don't find it terribly useful to think of it as a pattern because it contains quite a few different ideas. 		(tags: architecture design programming software mvc) 	 	 		Welcome to phpAdsNew / Open-source ad server 		Need this for a project. 		(tags: advertising software opensource php) 	 	 		Aptana: The Web IDE 		(tags: ajax javascript development software) 	 	 		aptana.tv 		(tags: ajax javascript development software howto tutorial) 	  Daily LinksI had not heard this news.
FrontPage:
After nine years of being an award-winning Web authoring tool, FrontPage will be discontinued in late 2006. We will continue to serve the diverse needs of our existing FrontPage customers with the introduction of two brand-new application building and Web authoring tools using the latest technologies: Office SharePoint Designer 2007 for the enterprise information workers and Expression Web for the professional Web designer.FrontPage est mortIn 2004, Bruce Sterling spoke at the Long Now foundation on the topic: The Singularity: Your Future as a Black Hole. One sequence jumped out of me when listening to the audio because of the very funny at once insightful and dismissive definition of Science Fiction he cites. Before this part he's talking about the sheer incomprehensibility of what it means to actually have a singularity occur, and how despite this incomprehensibility, science fiction writers still manage to use singularities in their writing:
When you think about it it's a great place for science fiction novel but makes very little sense otherwise. "It's because we had a singularity blow throgh here, that's why" - it came and like ripped everything apart and it's just like it's left pieces of itself wandering around bending the plot any way I want. Kind of like the Gods on the plains of Troy.

Why would Science fiction stop to this? Why are they deploying this grand mathematical notion as like, a source of plot coupons?

Well I'll explain this to you, and if you learn nothing else about science fiction you need to know this. This is the classic Peter Nicholls definition of science fiction from 1976. It's very difficult to define science fiction. Many people have tried. Okay...

"Sci-fi can be succinctly defined (I'm quoting him) as speculation, whether based on established scientific facts, or, on logical pseudofacts, consistent with the framework of the fiction in question, involving smelly, green, pimply aliens furiously raping or eating or both beautiful naked bare-breasted chicks, covering them in slime, red oozing living slime, dribbling from every horrific orifice squeezing out between bulbous pulpy lips onto the onto the sensuous velvety skin writhing sweaty dripping blood and bruised whips brandished by giant blonde with vast biceps androids, and written in the gothic mode."

That just rocks so hard.
Really funny moment.Science Fiction Definition via Bruce SterlingIn the past three months I've been making a concerted effort to make better use of my time and energy. For a very long time now I feel as though my energy has been unfocused and ill-spent.

One of the large issues for me has been the incredible amount of email I receive. A big part of that was the many email newsletters I subscribe to. Well, was subscribed to.  For the past month or two whenever I get one of those emails, I stop and consider whether it materially contributes something to my well being, financial well being, friendships, or family life. If no, then POOF, it must be unsubscribed from.

It's been a great boon to me to not have a steady stream of promotional material and news come to my email inbox. Having items not insistently demand my attention has been wonderful.

Another issue I've had is keeping up with San Diego. I love San Diego very dearly. My favorite place on the planet is La Jolla Cove. I have much family there. But being the responsible party for my San Diego sites [1,2,3] was a side drain on my time that was part of a cohort of projects that diluted my focus. So they had to go. Last month I was able to sell them. I was able to make some money for them, which was quite useful, but more, they went into hands that will continue them in a form I feel and think will be positive.

These are two factors which have left more time for me. And a nice chance to rediscover the temporary nature of some projects. It's also great to take stock of the things I'm doing and be able to evaluate why it is I'm doing them. Mind you, some projects one can't simply sell or abandon.

One thing I've done is started reading RSS and Atom feeds again. I use Google Reader to organize and read blogs and anything with syndicated content. This is a great way to keep track of things, but to be "the decider" when it comes to when I look at them. I organize them into categories: ours (blogs leah and I work on or maintain, flickr feeds of ours, etc), people (blogs in a voice more or less by one person), writers.laish (blogs by people in leah's nascent writer's group), forsale (craigslist feeds for "for sale" items), group (blogs like metafilter or boingboing, which don't really have a single person at the helm), jobhunt (feeds for job postings), links (link blogs like waxy's links and larger link sites like fark), and sandiegobloggers (a holdover which i don't beat myself up about if i don't read, there are many). For several months I simply gave up reading blogs or keeping up with feeds, because I was so busy with work, but I ended up even more frustrated because there were people and information sources that I ended up checking anyway, and doing it ad hoc took more time than simply reading them in an RSS reader. I tried bloglines for about a minute. And I had been using NetNewsWire, which is great software, but is not nearly as mobile as I am. When Google Reader got good recently, I jumped in and have not looked back. It's all very "Web 2.0" of me, I'm sure.

Checking on blogs can be every bit as compulsive as checking email, but having one-stop shopping for my reading (with the exception of blogs without feeds: I'm looking at you Tom B!) is great. It allows me to scan with a different kind of emphasis.

That emphasis, and thinking about that emphasis, has been a chance to look at what I enjoy, and why I enjoy what I enjoy.

So I've been reading and watching with a more discriminating eye.

I already talked about Cat and Girl the other day. Now I'm going to talk about two other folks who make me happy to read. And moreover, who are making me smarter.

The first is from the same comics and animation category Cat and Girl come from. It's animating genius John Kricfalusi.  I think I discovered his blog either via Coop or BoingBoing, either way, he's great.   His blog, titled "All Kinds of Stuff" is really rather focused on animation, animation history and illustration technique. Just in the past two days he's had two great posts: first, here's an excellent IM dialogue about a copy of an illustration -- I'm not actively illustrating, but I am an avid doodler. I love to doodle in meetings, and I just know that the drawing jones is going to hit me real soon now. And here's a post about a background painter from Hanna Barbera that includes wonderful commentary about the history of HB cartoons. Now, John K is the man behind Ren & Stimpy, which despite the fact my wife does not like them, and the fact that I typically despise potty humor, really caught my eye when they came out in the 1990s. Much of what John K does these days is too ribald for my tastes, but he remains a helluvan animator. The thing that really stands out to me is that he's really articulate about what he likes, what he does not like, and why. Here's a brief history of Hanna Barbera:
1958 - adventurous, radical, experimental, fun. Every cartoon feels different.

to 1960 - still very professional yet more conservative (leaving out the first season of the Flintstones which I will talk about later)

1962 - conservative, bland and repetitive, HB starts recruiting young inexperienced artists who never animated.

1965 - ugly xerox lines, Iwao Takamoto reluctantly imitating Ed's design style, Saturday morning executive interference.

1967- Iwao and his crew starts to design harder to animate characters in a pseudo 60's Disney style-which are impossible to animate well with a low budget.

Gang cartoons start which further hampers the chances to animate well.

1969 - Scooby Doo-absolute crap. Ugly design, sloppy amateur execution, not written by cartoonists anymore-the ugliest BGs ever. The end of the world.
I really appreciate the curmudgeonly aspects of that, but more, I really love that John K. points out the stuff he LOVES.

That matters, it's inspirational, and keeps me coming back for more. Okay, I'll point out another post of his, here's a quote:
Without contrast or punctuation you have monotony. Controlling contrasts is very difficult and I'd say even impossible for weaker artists or actors or writers. Today's prime time cartoons are extremely monotonous because they have no punctuation or contrasts in any of the creative aspects of them. Everything just drones along at the same pace, volume and evenly spaced design. Nothing is more important than anything else. It all just lays there and expects you to weed through the morass to find what the entertaining parts are.
I love that. He also includes copious examples of what he likes and does not. "Show, don't tell" they tell you in the screenwriting courses. Maybe that's true for blogs sometimes as well.

Speaking of show and tell, the other expert I have come across is Douglas Crockford. With zero doubt, he is the most articulate speaker on JavaScript I have every heard. I came across him because I subscribe to the Yahoo User Interface Blog. As far as I can tell Crockford has no blog. But because of the YUI blog, I found him. There are two multipart videos worth your time here: "An Inconvenient API: The Theory of the Dom" and "Advanced JavaScript"

For me, these are the first articulations of some of the oddnesses of JavaScript -- and how she is spoke -- that I've ever read. The first set of videos  blew my mind, because they articulated, simply and effectively, what constitutes best practice in JavaScript. As I study object oriented programming, and come to understand more fully, the insights are that much more incredible.

I just went looking for a Crockford website and blog, and found his blog and his site.  Oh, and check this out:  javascript.crockford.com and holy cow! He has a great little intro essaylet called "JavaScript: The World's Most Misunderstood Programming Language" here's an excerpt:
The Java- prefix suggests that JavaScript is somehow related to Java, that it is a subset or less capable version of Java. It seems that the name was intentionally selected to create confusion, and from confusion comes misunderstanding. JavaScript is not interpreted Java. Java is interpreted Java. JavaScript is a different language.

JavaScript has a syntactic similarity to Java, much as Java has to C. But it is no more a subset of Java than Java is a subset of C. It is better than Java in the applications that Java (fka Oak) was originally intended for.

JavaScript was not developed at Sun Microsystems, the home of Java. JavaScript was developed at Netscape. It was originally called LiveScript, but that name wasn't confusing enough.

The -Script suffix suggests that it is not a real programming language,   that a scripting language is less than a programming language. But it is really   a matter of specialization. Compared to C, JavaScript trades performance for   expressive power and dynamism.
It looks like there's lots to like there.

I'm simmering with ideas.

It's a great day.Time Time Time; Experts I Treasure
video. different video. lyrics.When I Give The Signal My Friend Rabbi Vole Will Play The SoloMy post asking about MVC was updated.MVC Updated
When I was a teenager, these men were my heroes. Byrne is gawky, nervous, perhaps not entirely there, and a bit spooky. Letterman is a lovable jerk, always projecting a detached, superior irony.

I saw myself in them at the time. What does it mean that my teenage self (age 13-17 mostly, and beyond) it meant for me to be an intense fan of a neurotic and a smartass? I leave that as an exercise for the reader.

And I'm not kidding about them being heroes. For about 10 years I collected every magazine with interviews with them. Those magazines are in the garage now, in plastic bags. Perhaps I'll sell them on eBay.

Pre-internet, being a fan meant always being on the hunt for such materials. It meant scouring tv guide to see who was on when, and keeping an ear on the radio for news of who was touring when. I visited magazine stands, bookshops, record stores. I was a collector. Now such obscura is a few keystrokes away on google or youtube.

Tower Records, touchstone of my youth, is bankrupt. World Book & News on Cahuenga in Hollywood, which continues to be magazine mecca for me, is too difficult to park at. I've tried to go about three times in the past year, and each time the parking is too terrible to contemplate stopping. C'est la vie.
I don't know what I expected of the future, but here we are.

All these moments, lost in time, like tears in rain. Only not lost, they're preserved on youtube and eBay.
Look on my works ye mighty, and despair.
Previously.David Byrne and David Letterman 	 		Texas Monthly: BurkaBlog: Protest at SMU Targets Bush Library 		The letter to Turner makes the point that there are "two fundamentally different visions of the Library": a neutral space for unbiased academic research conducted by scholars, or a conservative think tank and policy institute that engages in legacy polish 		(tags: politics history) 	 	 		PopMatters TV Feature | The Lonely Tree: The Story of A Charlie Brown Christmas 		(tags: animation christmas history tv) 	 	 		Making Comics  Chapter 5 1/2 		(tags: comics howto illustration internet web art) 	 	 		LAist: LA Cathedral Photo Essay 		I like the Cathedral very much. This is a nice photoessay. 		(tags: religion losangeles catholicism photography) 	 	 		Go Fug Yourself: Lucy Fug 		That lady is wearing tribbles. That's weird. 		(tags: startrek funny photography clothing) 	 	 		Rough Type: Nicholas Carr's Blog: Your new IT budget: $10 		interesting take on what's available free. 		(tags: business google it software) 	 	 		ABC News: Army Captain's Simple Demonstration: How to Win in Iraq 		The author was killed by an IED. He had fought in Afghanistan and Iraq. A gifted officer, he spoke numerous languages, including Arabic. His PowerPoint is the essence of what Thomas PM Barnett describes as the SysAdmin force. 		(tags: iraq politics powerpoint history) 	 	 		Microsoft's Vista isn't compatible with SQL Server - Dec. 15, 2006 		Say what? 		(tags: microsoft sqlserver stupid) 	  Daily LinksOne of the great cliches of Christmastime is the airing and re-airing of It's a Wonderful Life. Jim Kunstler, writer of the excellent Geography of Nowhere he of with a blog name that is not safe for work. writes about the parallel universe vision of George Bailey's Pottersville, and how it bears a close resemblance to Las Vegas.
Clusterf*** Nation by Jim Kunstler : Not So Wonderful
At a crucial point in the story, Clarence the guardian angel takes George Bailey on a tour of Bedford Falls as-if-George-had-never-been-born. Only the town is named Pottersville now. Main Street is lined with gin mills, strip clubs, and dance halls instead of wholesome banks, groceries, and pharmacies. (Oddly, casinos are absent, because in 1946 we lacked the vision to see how truly demoralized our nation could get.) Prostitutes ply the busy sidewalks. Now the weirdest thing is that Pottersville is depicted as a busy, bustling, lively place -- the exact opposite of what main streets all over America really became, thanks to George Bailey's efforts -- a wilderness of surface parking, from sea to shining sea, with WalMart waiting on the edge of every town like Moloch poised to inhale the last remaining vapors of America's morale. Frank Capra could imagine vibrant small towns turning their vibrancy in the direction of vice -- but he couldn't imagine them forsaken and abandoned, with the shop fronts boarded up and the sidewalks empty, which was the true tragic destiny of all the Bedford Falls in our nation.

Most ironically, today America's favorite main street town, Las Vegas, is Pottersville writ large, and most Americans see absolutely nothing wrong with it. How wonderful is that?
Kunstler is an alarmist. He explains America as a morass of gasoline dependency, and when the price and availability of oil reach crisis point American suburbia will implode in a way that will truly undermine our culture. I have hope his predictions are incorrect, although his explications of how suburbia evolved, and how genuinely toxic it can be are powerful food for thought.

When we lived in San Diego, we lived in a house built in 1896. We were walking distance to a Church, and to a corner store. We now rent what my father describes as a McMansion, built in the 1980s. We don't have a Church within walking distance. No corner store either. The 1896 house was far more humane in many ways. Our current home is car-dependent. It assumes cars. Without cars, it does not work.

Recipe for disaster? JHK's work predicts an end to easy gasoline, and then cars, and then, a catastrophic end to suburbia. Is it plausible? It makes logical sense. But is the first part of the prediction realistic? An end to easy gasoline?

I leave that as an exercise for the reader.1946 Nightmare Pottersville = 2006 Las VegasI kid you not, this morning on my commute to work I saw the Oscar Meyer Wienermobile travelling south on the 101 around Newbury Park, California.
It was a delightfully surreal moment for me.Wienermobile! 	 		eBaySDForum2006-11-29.pdf (application/pdf Object) 		Great PDF on how eBay scales the way it does. 		(tags: architecture java programming pdf howto database) 	  Daily LinksI think I mentioned that the San Diego web sites are no longer in my hands. Well, here's yet more evidence that my letting go was the right move -- WebSanDiego.org is set for more changes.

Very exciting stuff.WebSanDiego.org evolvingHe cracks me up, despite myself.



Explained.Image of the Day 	 		Google Browser Sync 		clever clever. 		(tags: google browser tools howto firefox) 	 	 		The Trac Project - Trac 		project tracking. open source. better than bugzilla? 		(tags: via:alabut management opensource software svn webdev development project) 	 	 		Ian Gilman - Software & Web - Heaven & Earth 		(tags: free games history puzzle download) 	  Daily Links 	 		Crossing borders: JavaScript's language features 		Appreciations of the power of JavaScript are coming out all the time. 		(tags: development javascript programming webdev tutorial) 	  Daily Linkstwo years ago leah and i got married. There's even some audio. And more.

(the best kind of) ONWARD. Happy Anniversary, Baby 	 		Donation Derby  Cat and Girl 		I donated some dough, and got a comic! Neat! 		(tags: comic funny) 	  Daily LinksLaundry almost done. Presents almost packed. Cards almost mailed. Almost almost almost. What better thing to do than to blog?!?

Doug Welch points out what could be pretty interesting -- wergamers.com. In person gaming. Why, we could call it, an arcade! Seriously though, this looks really cool. The boys might dig it too. Lately they really love playing NFL Street.

LAVoice.org has an article on where to buy a bike. I'm *this* close to buying one. For real.

My brother-in-law took my niece to be on the radio. Check it out.

Ouch! The Spider of Doom -- that's more or less how I hosed sandiegobloggers for those months. Luckily, now it's in much better hands. The Daily WTF is now a must read for me. Such wonderful folly.

Have a good thought for missewon, willya?

I'm not sure I agree with the list, but it's not a bad list: 50 Greatest Cartoons.

While we're on lists, how about Movie Musicals? I grew up on Fiddler on the Roof and Sound of Music, myself. I am SO much older and wiser. Telling you what to do..

There's folding to do, dude.

Possibly more over on the vox.

Trip Preparation1. Merry Christmas!

2. Back from Utah. Great trip.

3. James Brown and Gerald Ford died? That sucks.

4. Earthquake in Asia knocks out lots of internet? That's technically interesting and somewhat sad.

5. Email and work to catch up on.

6. Wait, we didn't send the Christmas cards? (That was my job, and we're way behind, sports fans)

7. Love and Peace to all you all out there.

8. Seriously, what'd I miss?What'd I Miss? 	 		Wedding Chapel Las Vegas Reception, Wedding Chapel Reception Las Vegas Nevada, Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas Marriage Reception, Wedding Chapel Marriage Las Vegas, Wedding Chapel Marriage Las Vegas Nevada, Wedding Chapel Viva Las Vegas Nevada, Viva Elvis Re 		where leah and i got married two years ago. 		(tags: marriage leahpeah leahandjoe) 	 	 		OpenID screencast 		(tags: development howto security identity) 	 	 		Viridian Note 00483: Green Plutocracy 		(tags: brucesterling design green) 	 	 		BookMooch: a community for exchanging used books (book swap and book exchange and book trade) 		(tags: books p2p tools book free) 	 	 		Graphing human lifelines 		interesting infoviz idea 		(tags: via:robotwisdom visualization) 	 	 		Basic PHP Script Security 		(tags: php mysql programming security howto webdev) 	  Daily LinksI loved Americart at $15/month when it was through Pair.com.

The pricing has changed now, and the minimum is now at $40/month. I dislike this change immensely.

Any Americart workalikes out there that are at a lower rate? I think it's time to move away from Americart, much as I have loved recommending them to clients.

More than doubling prices SUCKS. It feels like extortion. And I have to pass this cost along to my clients.

Yuck.

Update: I got the lower rate for one year for a client. I will be looking at alternatives.Americart Pricing Change for Pair CustomersThought of the day from AskMoses.com:

Peace
If you are not at peace with others, examine if you are at peace with yourself.

Thought ProvokingMy brother in law took this great picture of his daughter above Kanab. I love how the photo implies Kanab is some kind of metropolis. It's a great town, but don't think for a minute there's more than one stoplight. :-)



Many of my in-laws went on a hike on Tuesday. It was quite a hike, apparently I went more than 2/3rds up the red rock bluffs. Then, that was it. It was over a mile in distance, it felt as high as that photo shows. Maybe 15 stories or so, but that's just a guess. Most of the family went the full distance, My calves hate me, but they're in for more of a treat when I (finally!) get my bike. I think my knees are alright. They're looking forward to less weight pressing down on them.Kanab From Above 	 		CakePHP Manual: Conventions 		(tags: cakephp php howto) 	 	 		55 - A Tourist Map of Gotham  strange maps 		As a fan of Batman, I find this to be very fun. 		(tags: via:kottke comics maps) 	 	 		Why PUT and DELETE? 		interesting conversation here about the HTTP verbs that aren't GET and POST 		(tags: webdev web webservices programming development) 	  Daily Links 	 		Ryan Tomayko - Digg Scares Me (403 Go Away!) 		Digg kinda scares me, too. 		(tags: humor socialsoftware writing culture) 	 	 		SimplePie: Documentation 		potentially useful library 		(tags: php syndication software opensource) 	  Daily Links 	 		Script.aculo.us: How to easily AJAX your site - Download Squad 		(tags: ajax javascript tutorial howto webdev) 	 	 		Marineland of the Pacific 		(tags: history socal) 	 	 		Marineland of the Pacific - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		(tags: history socal) 	 	 		The Chuck Miller Creative Writing Service: Dickie Goodman 		(tags: via:waxy music history) 	 	 		American Book Review 		100 Best First Lines from Novels 		(tags: books writing) 	 	 		Baghdad Burning 		capping 2006 in Iraq. pretty grim. 		(tags: iraq war blog) 	  Daily LinksWord up!Happy New Year!Of calf pain. And other things.



Bike is on order. Stay tuned for more lower extremity pain this year. It's not a resolution, the funniest of which is here. But a promise. There are physical changes afoot.

The above photo was taken in Kanab after I did almost all of a hike the rest of the family did. I previously referred to it here a few days ago. This was taken with Leah's killer camera by me. I look somewhat goofy.

For real, happy new year again.

All things are possible. And change is continuous, difficult and painful. And quite necessary.

Peace and love be with you all.It's a Whole New World 	 		How to Think Like a Computer Scientist / Java 		(tags: books computer school programming) 	 	 		Digital Colony - Ideas in Web Development 		MAS's tech site. I look forward to seeing new (and legacy) stuff that comes up. 		(tags: programming howto tutorial asp asp.net sqlserver) 	 	 		My New Year's Resolutions (Ftrain.com) 		alternative take on resolutions. 		(tags: funny) 	  Daily LinksOuch.

The Long Tail: 2006: The worst year for hit albums since 1983:
What does it say about the music industry that the soundtrack to what was originally a Disney afterschool TV special was the bestselling album in the country last year?

Related with a vengeance: Tower Records declared bankruptcy last year.Is it because I bought less than 10 CDs last year?It's fascinating what you find reading threads on where to buy electronics parts in the Bay Area -- here's a sub-thread about the door checks conducted in places like Fry's or Best Buy -- you know the ones, where you show your bag and they run a pink highlighter over your receipt. I had never stopped to consider it before, but you and I are under no obligation to comply.

One comment outlines the issue rather clearly:

Once you have paid for your merchandise and passed through the checkout, they have no grounds to search you unless they have a reason to suspect you of theft.

Your bag at that point is your property.

The checking of receipts at the door done by many stores is actually in truth voluntary, though they hate it when people seem to realize this.

If you refuse, they can't stop you.

I have a friend who makes a habit of doing this at Costco....

I personally prefer not to make a fuss - it just isn't worth it to piss off some minimum wage drone.

It's amazing the things I take for granted about how the world works.Retail Receipt and Bag Checks 	 		Open the Future: An Eschatological Taxonomy 		How will the world end? (((I don't see "Fire" or Ice"))) 		(tags: via:rc3 futurism future scifi) 	 	 		Dreaming in Code 		(tags: programming books history opensource development) 	 	 		The 40 Essential Gamecube Games  Geek Idiot 		(tags: games gaming gamecube) 	 	 		leahpeah  meg hourihan 		of megnut fame, leah does it again snagging a great blogger for an interview 		(tags: interview leahpeah blogging food) 	 	 		Eyunta.com  AFN: A Place for Mating 		i convulsed with laughter. 		(tags: funny writing) 	 	 		libsyn // podcasting made easy 		very interesting. looks like dooce uses them for her videos. 		(tags: podcast technology services syndication) 	  Daily LinksDavid Byrne Journal: 12.26.06: Trees and tree shapes:
Do we purchase a car because the ad agency made a cute video? Is that how we make decisions? Maybe we do. Maybe the cleverness and technical virtuosity exhibited here imply to us that those same values carry over to the SUV. This would be a natural assumption to have about a person  if a person were clever, entertaining and executed something perfectly one would probably assume they had other good qualities. And the odds might be pretty high that youd be right. In the case of ads the cleverness and the object being promoted are separate entities  rationally we should therefore love the ad agency and the director, not the car company that simply chose them to make the ad.

Would that we were rational beings. Whoops! We're not.

I love that commercial!It occurs to me that I graduated High School twenty years ago this year. 1987.

I wonder if there's a reunion? I think I've dropped out of touch with them.

There's a Wikipedia article about my school: University of San Diego High School. Wacky.

My High School no longer exists. It's closed on the old site, and has been superseded by Cathedral Catholic High School.

If they had one, would I want to go?Twenty Years: University of San Diego High School 	 		The WELL: Bruce Sterling: State of the World 2007 		awesome. 		(tags: future futurism interview viridian brucesterling) 	  Daily LinksI don't think I mentioned it, but several weeks ago I went to the Cathedral for Mass. I think it was around Thanksgiving.

Anyway, I took some time after Mass to explore a little and I visited the Mausoleum downstairs. I found myself really compelled by the place. It's solitary and quiet, nestled under a Cathedral meant to stand for hundreds of years. It occurred to me that it was exactly where I'd want my remains interred.

I'm 36 years old, and not prone to such mortal thoughts. Nonetheless, there was the thought, and I liked it. I've no idea what it costs, but given that Gregory Peck is laid to rest there, it just might be pricey.

Still, that desire is there. Something in me - perhaps narcissistic, perhaps egotistical, that makes me want my remains left there. Perhaps some other urban pseudo-apostate, pseudo-devout Catholics to see my name -- in 2107, or 2207, or even 2507 -- and wonder -- "just who was that Joe Crawford?"

Perhaps I'd have my domain name engraved, so they could look me up!

Joseph Arthur Crawford1970 -- 2XXX*http://www.artlung.com

So, what would I leave behind for them to find? Maybe just these documents.

Something to ponder as I move forward. It doesn't feel morbid to talk about, but it's a dark thought, to be sure. I feel hopeful though. I have much to contribute.

*Note the small optimism there, to live to 21XX I'd have to make it to 130 years old. To do that, I'd better lose some more weight! I wonder if they'll still have "http" in 200 years?
How would I lay me down to sleep?Thanks for being on my team, too.for lp 	 		Steelpan - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		aka "steel drums" 		(tags: music culture) 	  Daily Links 	 		Viridian Note 		#00484.  some good stuff. 		(tags: green viridian brucesterling) 	 	 		eXile - Issue #254 - Feature Story - 2006: The Year Russia Schooled The West 		(tags: culture futurism politics russia) 	  Daily LinksI agree with Jason Calacanis about the new LinkedIn Answers: oh, this is kinda rad.

I have been impressed by LinkedIn lately, I seem to get more serious inquiries through there than anywhere else through my profile page.

This is on the heels of Guy Kawasaki's post about how to use LinkedIn better as well.
LinkedIn AnswersFirst JeSais tagged me, and I resisted. Then Geoff tagged me, and I now give in:

I dislike Pink Floyd, Winnie-the-Pooh, Moody Blues, and Jethro Tull. For various reasons that are unimportant, though I have listened to these bands and or watched their cartoons, and I have my reasons.I have never watched "That 70s Show,' and it's now a rule in the house.My middle name is "Arthur." In a High School How-To-Write-A-Check / Balance-A-Checkbook class where most of the people were not from my own grade (I think I was a junior and most of the students were Sophomores or Freshmen) I went by "Art" in the class. I was playing with my identity and I enjoyed it. The "Art" in ArtLung is really about self-identifying as an artist and not really about my name. When people call me Art in email they often apologize when I reply and it says "Joe" in my "From" address. this makes me chuckle.I have never been to Chicago or Philadelphia, and I would like to.I cannot drive a stick shift, and I find that embarrassing. I have had 2 lessons and did not enjoy it, but I think in a pinch I could fake it. But I fear for the clutch of the vehicle I would be doing it in.

I'm not tagging anyone else. But here's a picture of my eye, and a killer hat Leah made me. I chose the colors. Leah did the actual work.

Five Things You Don't Know About Me 	 		FooPlot: Online graphing calculator and plotter 		excellent implementation of svg. 		(tags: svg javascript visualization calculator graphics math) 	 	 		SMTP Email Settings 		translating phone numbers to email addresses 		(tags: telephony mobile phone email programming) 	 	 		apophenia: PEW data on social network site use 		danah boyd typically smart about new social networking sites stats 		(tags: socialnetworking socialsoftware) 	 	 		Bin-Blog: Creating Web 2.0 Graphics In Gimp 		(tags: webdesign graphics howto design) 	 	 		SCI FICTION | Luciferase 		short fiction by Bruce Sterling 		(tags: scifi brucesterling writing) 	 	 		jocosa_darby: two by two 		aka Olivia Rex 		(tags: poetry photography photos) 	 	 		The Basics of Search Engine Optimization 		(tags: webdev webdesign tutorial howto marketing) 	 	 		Open Culture: 50+ Free Courses from UC Berkeley on iTunes 		(tags: college school free audio podcast) 	  Daily Links 	 		Real Empires Ship (Ftrain.com) 		First they came for the vinyl, and I said nothing. Then for the cassettes, and the CDs, and the VHS tapes. Still I was silent. 		(tags: funny writing history apple culture) 	 	 		3quarksdaily 		craigslist identity theft/419 scam for renting an apartment 		(tags: via:rc3 identity scam craigslist) 	 	 		NPR : Meet the Real Sacha Baron Cohen 		Not in character! Very awesome. 		(tags: audio interview funny) 	 	 		Soyrizo: Soy Products For Healthy Living: El Burrito 		Very tasty stuff. Healthier than the real deal. 		(tags: food health) 	 	 		Activating the Right Layout Mode Using the Doctype Declaration 		(tags: css design webdesign webdev html howto programming development browser) 	  Daily LinksI believe I mentioned that several months ago I sold San Diego Blog. I've not talked about it much, but it's bearing fruit for the new owners -- for starters San Diego Blog got a Facelift, and so did San Diego Bloggers.

Really wonderful to see these things that languished (owing to my move to Simi Valley) over the past two years get going with some energy and style!

Rock on San Diego Blog Stuff!
San Diego Blog Facelift1/11/07.

Happy Birthday Babe!Leah, Happy Birthday! 	 		San Diego Internships 		very cool! 		(tags: sandiego writing) 	 	 		Jonathan Coulton  Blog Archive  Thing a Week 29 - Code Monkey 		I have fallen in like with this song. 		(tags: free funny music song) 	 	 		A Periodic Table of Visualization Methods 		cute. 		(tags: visualization graphics reference) 	 	 		Cat and Girl 		particularly funny. 		(tags: comics funny) 	 	 		Sinfest 		God's got skills. 		(tags: comics funny religion) 	 	 		YouTube - David Bowie On Extras - Little Fat Man 		Absolutely brilliant and funny. 		(tags: funny music video tv) 	  Daily Links 	 		The Book of Common Prayer HTML Edition 		Episcopal Book of Common Prayer 		(tags: religion books) 	  Daily Links 	 		Software As Shes Developed  Blog Archive  AJAX Patterns: Design Patterns for AJAX Usability 		(tags: ajax programming tutorial usability design) 	  Daily LinksSend Me A Private Comment? 	 		SIGGRAPH Encore 		(tags: cgi computer graphics programming research education) 	  Daily LinksI have a few things bubbling on my mind.

I was quite moved by this article about bloggers in the Middle East. If there were a risk that I might go to jail for my blogging, would I still do it? This is a hard question, but I'd like to think I would. The stories of these bloggers are inspirational.

Mathowie pointed out a book called Beyond Bullet Points: Using Microsoft PowerPoint to Create Presentations That Inform, Motivate, and Inspire, which sounds like a really great book. I would like to polish my presentation skills.

I am enjoying listening to the banter of the Daring Fireball Macworld podcast. I've enjoyed reading Daring Fireball for some time. The podcast reminds me that John Gruber is just a guy like you and me. Though also brilliant thinking about Mac software.

I love Scott McCloud, and I'm so happy that he's become enough of a cultural figure that kids do reports about him. Scott wrote Understanding Comics, Reinventing Comics, and Making Comics. Those are wonderful books, particularly Understanding and Making -- they're essential if you like / read / or are interested in comics.

Also, I added some code to this page to make those links to those books on Amazon a little bit glitzier.

Do you use YouTube? Me too. Here's a story about someone whose video got more than a million hits: My Wild Million-Hit Ride on YouTube.

FTrain is writing again, with a vengeance. I love his work. Read The Problem of Nomads, for example.

Weather-wise, it's been COLD here lately. Into the thirties at night. As far as I can tell it's typically been warmer in Virginia where my folks live than here. That's backwards, dude.

I have a few other things to post today. Stay tuned, and have a great day!


Good Day Y'allI really like this song, available on One Step Ahead of the Spider. At some point I transcribed the lyrics, and here they are. If he put out more records, I would buy them. It's interesting to me that though he's still alive, or seems to be, Mark Griffen, aka MC 900 Foot Jesus, is a figure of some mystery.

Here are those lyrics:

you probably see me hanging around
i'm a very familliar face
in this town
a day doesnt go by
i don't meet
a lot of my friends
walking down the street
i'm never too busy to stop by the way
and i've always have something pleasant to say
maybe some perceptive thoughts about the weather
or other latest news from wall street
whatever
i can stand around all day
making small talk
busting platitudes
blocking the sidewalk
tying people up
for hours with ease
one big talent is shooting the breeze
when they start to squirm
i really get going
but only my happy face smile is showing
why cant they see what i'm trying to hide
i'm busting a gut
laughing on the inside
it's in their smile when they say hello
i can see they think im a little bit slow
but after awhile with me
they looked dazed
their eyes are covered
with a doughnut glaze
i really start to cook when i see that look
i hit 'em with every cliche in the book
their knees wobble and they start to weave
it's like they're begging for permission to leave
they think they're having a brush with stupidity
i dont laugh
even though it's killing me
watching 'em wilt like day-old flowers
ticking off the minutes as they turn to hours
they're wondering how much more they can take
i give 'em a friendly smile and a handshake
we say goodbye
so very politely
now say hello to the killer inside me

everybody has their doubts about my sanity
but nothing happens cause they all feel sorry for me
i got the whole town under my thumb
and all i gotta to do is keep acting dumb
"oh that boy there, they say, whatta guy
alittle on the slow side but wouldnt hurt a fly
and such a gentleman - oh yes i know
he sure cant talk your ear off though"
i take my hat and pretend i dont hear
grinning like a half-wit from ear to ear
i can think of a thousand ways to say hello
so i start through 'em all
goin' real slow
they listen hard and act like they care
how can they be so completely unaware
of the truth
the answer is always denied me
so i introduce 'em to the killer inside me

(feel the blast)
(feel the blast)
(feel the blast)
(feel the blast)
(feel the blast)

Lyrics: The Killer Inside Me, by MC 900 Foot Jesus It occurs 45 minutes into the Long Now mp3 of the event "The Singularity: Your Future as a Black Hole;" it makes me laugh.

Why would Science Fiction stoop to this? Why are they deploying this grand mathematical notion as like, a source of "plot coupons"

Well I'll explain this to you, and if you learn nothing else about science fiction you need to know this. This is the classic Peter Nicholls definition of science fiction from 1976. It's very difficult to define science fiction. Many people have tried. Okay...

"Sci-fi can be succinctly defined (I'm quoting him) can be succinctly defined as speculation, whether based on established scientific facts, or, on logical pseudofacts, consistent with the framework of the fiction in question, involving smelly, green, pimply aliens furiously raping or eating or both beautiful naked bare-breasted chicks, covering them in slime! red oozing living slime! dribbling from every horrific orifice, squeezing out between bulbous pulpy lips onto the sensuous velvety skin of the writhing sweating slave girls their bodies cut and bruised by knotted whips brandished by giant blonde and vast bicepped androids; and written in the gothic mode."

That just rocks so hard.
Peter Nicholls' Definition Of Science Fiction As Quoted By Bruce SterlingThomas Barnett got an assistant and prioritizes based on the level of effort from the asker. Neal Stephenson simply asks you to go away. Eric Raymond wrote a whole article on asking good questions.

One of my favorite articles is from Mark Pilgrim called Why We Won't Help You (from 2003) which is actually inspirational to me, although I think to some people it will seem callous:

The short, smart-alec, Zen-like answer is that we are helping you, you just dont realize it yet.

I note quietly that Mark's favicon is the tajitu.

Zen is on my mind. Leah and I listened to some Alan Watts via the Alan Watts podcast in the car. It was pretty great. About the ego and spirituality and being. I really like it that a guy who has been dead for more than 30 years has a podcast.

Zen -- the aspect of accepting and being -- being in flow, is what I'm concentrating on today. All is well. Onward.Time, Attention, and Alan Wattsvia BoingBoing, and confirmed on Clooney's studio site.

Here's the story from scifi.com: SCI FI Wire:

Diamond Age, based on Neal Stephenson's best-selling novel The Diamond Age: Or a Young Lady's Illustrated Primer, is a six-hour miniseries from Clooney and fellow executive producer Grant Heslov of Smokehouse Productions.

When a prominent member of society concludes that the futuristic civilization in which he lives is stifling creativity, he commissions an interactive book for his daughter that serves as a guide through a surreal alternate world. Stephenson will adapt his novel for the miniseries, the first time the Hugo and Nebula award winner has written for TV.

As I said in 2001, and again in 2005 The Diamond Age is my favorite Stephenson book.

The thing to capture is the variety of cultures in the world of the book. I'm quite stunned to see Stephenson himself doing the writing for the screen. And pleased.The Diamond Age: Mini-Series for TVThis is pretty nifty! cakeinfo!

I'll be using this on some of my projects to do internal diagnostics.
[CakePHP:PHP] : [CakeInfo():phpinfo()]Poo?

Too late.

I was there, and those photos truly reflect Tyler's incredible enthusiasm and cackling howls of laughter at tasty food that looks like excrement. I believe he even asked for the recipe."Joe, don't read this one"Very very cool. The Geni Blog: Geni in the Press. My extended family is way into genealogy. I'm sort of interested too. This is a cool way to play with it. Check out Geni.com.

Killer flash-based user interface. Sublimely easy to use. Recommended.
Geni: Online Tool For GeneologySome random lyrics:
He was a Cosby fan at heart it's clear;
He searched and found a Cosby hair!
He spent ten long years and built a cloning machine;
And now he's accomplished his wonderful dream:
To make a House of Cosbys...
It's a House of Cosbys.

The theme song is nice even without the show, which honestly could be a bit hard to take, and not safe for work.

It looked like it rained a little overnight. Not much though. Maybe our stupid, stupid ants will leave us alone if there's water outside. They're in our bathroom upstairs now. Why? No obvious attractants other than we've made the kitchen less hospitable. Those ants are jerks. It reminds me a bit of when we were fighting mice at our house in San Diego.

That was no fun, jack.A Little Bit Of RainThis is the most awesome image I've seen today, courtesy genius potter Joe Bennion, of Horseshoe Mountain Pottery:



Backstory.Incredible: Girl Down The Well 	 		Stevey's Blog Rants: The Pinocchio Problem 		Opinionated. Lots to chew on. 		(tags: programming philosophy architecture) 	 	 		Coding Horror: The Programmer's Bill of Rights 		(tags: management programming work software business) 	  Daily Links 	 		Event-Driven Web Application Design  Yahoo! User Interface Blog 		(tags: ajax blog development programming webdev javascript) 	  Daily LinksFrom the other day on AskMoses.com, I like it very much, it articulates something about fear that I think is important.

One of the great Rabbis once said, "Jewish tradition teaches man how small he is and how great he can become." Do not be frightened of G-d. Stand in awe of Him. Fear weakens the spirit. Awe strengthens it. Fear is demoralizing. Awe is uplifting.

Coupled with love, awe is the basis of Judaism with which one can begin to communicate with and pray to G-d, concretizing a relationship with the soul.

It makes me think of Arianna Huffington's book: On Becoming Fearless, which came out around the time Leah interviewed her.Thought of the Day: Awe Lots of stuff happening.

Bike: gotten.
Sister: engaged.
Face: goateed (probably not for long).
Job: new and Brentwood.
Car: rented.
Children of Men: seen and amazed by.
Lawn: slightly brown.
Weather: cold.
Work: off to it!Afoot and AfieldBy "popular" demand:



Not a permanent change. Just for fun, for a little while.Goatee Update

		Halite Studios: Piano Hero
		I think we could do this with Dev's usb keyboard. Sounds possibly fun!
		(tags: music software tutorial games windows)


		The Big Picture - Joel on Software
		(tags: programming books software)


		EasyEclipse | Distributions | EasyEclipse for PHP
		Using this at the new gig. So far, very impressed by the workflow and the SVN integration
		(tags: php programming svn development eclipse webdev)


Daily LinksI can see the posts in the database, but something went wonky on the upgrade and everything before the upgrade is invisible.

Woe is me till I find the time to fix it.

Please stand by.

I'm asking about it on the wp support forum.

Update: And we're back. The way I fixed it: running this SQL:


-- update DBPREFIX with your own. It may be "wp_"
update DBPREFIX_posts set post_type='post' where post_parent=0;


My theme is not really 2.1 compatible, so I had to do some other hacking as well. When I had everything displaying on the home page, ALL BLOG POSTS were displaying. That's too many posts. I'm just glad nothing was lost.

Kids, don't rush your software upgrades right before bedtime. It's the wrong thing to do.
Wordpress 2.1 Ate My BlogThe "literal" tag should do it:

{literal}
{works}
{/literal}

Smarty info.

(By the way, yes, the blog is still screwed up. I'm busy. Gimme a break. I was up till one last night working on it and no joy. Yuck. This is what I get for a rushed upgrade.)Display a Brace in Smarty Code 	 		Mcdonald's, McDonaldland, & McDonaldization - 2005 Boje 		fascinating 		(tags: culture food history) 	 	 		eyeon08.com  Thoughts from the Hotline/Diageo poll: Mormonism 		Republicans have more negative and more defined views of Mormonism than anyone else. 		(tags: religion mormon politics culture lds) 	 	 		Fork JavaScript 		interesting library with a dumb name 		(tags: framework javascript webdev programming) 	 	 		LAVoice.org - Time for a New Editor :: LAVoice.org :: LOS ANGELES SPEAKS HERE :: A public-access blog 		Mack's done a great job. And I know PRECISELY how he feels. 		(tags: losangeles blog culture writing employment) 	 	 		Many Eyes: visualization 		(tags: visualization via:waxy computer graphics design interface) 	 	 		adaptive path  blog  blog archive  Learning about Content Management 		(tags: cms programming webdev) 	 	 		Open Culture: University Podcast Collection 		(tags: podcast school college) 	 	 		10 Things You should Know About WordPress 2.1  Technology, Blogging and New Media 		(tags: wordpress blog software tutorial) 	 	 		WordPress-to-WordPress Import  Technology, Blogging and New Media 		(tags: wordpress blog database) 	  Daily LinksThat's a lot of posts.

This is mostly a test.

I'm glad to be back up.

Wordpress 2.1 is actually pretty cool! I like the interface changes. Bummed it's still kicking it old skool with regards to Atom.

I think what I did was do the upgrade before all files had finished uploading to the server, so a step got missed on the upgrade and blammo.

On February 19th, I'll have been doing this for six years. Not too shabby, and sort of fun.
I'm getting tired, another busy day tomorrow. Stay tuned.Post Number Two Thousand, Six Hundred and Fifty-TwoI was editing some code today and saw what looked like an error to me, but nothing was broken on the code I was looking at it, so I was prompted to look it up. And indeed, in PHP:
"Having a trailing comma after the last defined array entry, while unusual, is a valid syntax."
So sayeth the documentation for PHP: array
If it says it in there, it must be true.
So this is legal php:



... which, as I said, looks so bizarre to me.Trailing commas in an array OK in PHP 	 		World Public Opinion 		World View of US Role Goes From Bad to Worse 		(tags: culture history us politics) 	 	 		Coding Horror: Shipping Isn't Enough 		(tags: development programming software) 	 	 		A List Apart: Articles: Paper Prototyping 		(tags: design howto interface project) 	 	 		Web 2.0 Technologies: Nested CRUD resources in Rails 1.2 		(tags: rubyonrails webdev programming howto) 	 	 		Code Generation: The Real Lesson of Rails 		(tags: programming rubyonrails database) 	 	 		Frigid temps freeze county crops - Simi Valley Acorn 		(tags: simivalley weather california) 	 	 		Dr. Dobb's | AJAX Debugging with Firebug | January 10, 2007 		"A Firefox extension that makes web development fun again" 		(tags: ajax programming tutorial firefox) 	 	 		The Unfilmables: A List of the Hardest Novels to Film  Screenhead 		(tags: culture movies writing books) 	 	 		Prototype Javascript Library easing the development of dynamic web applications 		is this a new official site? 		(tags: javascript framework programming webdev tutorial) 	 	 		Subscribe to Comments 2.1 [ Tempus Fugit | TxFx.net ] 		(tags: wordpress blogging software) 	 	 		Laser Away Tattoo Removal 		removal of tats. 		(tags: health beauty fashion medicine technology) 	 	 		ASCII by Jason Scott: A Sysop, Forever 		(tags: history bbs computer) 	 	 		The Transit Coalition - Los Angeles, California USA - MTA/Metro 		(tags: losangeles transport travel activism) 	  Daily LinksThe goatee is being strangled by what's now clearly a beard.

I need a shave, and a haircut.

Two bits!

It's been a good week professionally so far.

I dislike commuting, but it's not bad when one has great audio to listen to. I've been listening to a course from Stanford on The Historical Jesus which is absolutely fascinating. (iTunes). The professor is Thomas Sheehan and he provides a historical context to biblical writing which has my neurons firing big time. Beautiful mythology, beautiful history.

Speaking of time -- it's time to get going y'all.

And hey, lp, you're doing great. Xo.Goatee taken overLet's say you have a textarea that is called into a page dynamically, say with an AJAX loaded chunk of HTML with a textarea in it. If you want that textarea to have TinyMCE applied to it, you need to call a script. This was a fun one to think through and debug, and it speaks well of TinyMCE's design that this method is available.



tinyMCE.execCommand('mceAddControl', false, id);

Loading TinyMCE on the fly 	 		PUMML ArtSpace 		(tags: art history biography 3ones) 	  Daily Linksvia Greg's Cool [insert clever name] of the Day:

Rick Brewster's blog : Paint.NET 3.0 -- Final Release now available!

I like Paint.net. It's slim and stable and free. It's for Windows only, but the ".NET" in the name probably gave that away, yeah?

Get it at getpaint.netPaint.NET 3.0 Final is outBizarre term I came across at the latest Viridian Note:
Procrustes - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
In Greek mythology, Procrustes (the stretcher), also known as Damastes (subduer) and Polypemon (harming much), was a bandit from Attica. He had his stronghold in the hills outside Eleusis. There, he had an iron bed into which he invited every passerby to lie down. If the guest proved too tall, he would amputate the excess length; if the victim was found too short, he was then stretched out on the rack until he fit. Nobody would ever fit in the bed because it was secretly adjustable: Procrustes would stretch or shrink it upon sizing his victims from afar. Procrustes continued his reign of terror until he was captured by Theseus, who "fitted" Procrustes to his own bed and cut off his head and feet (since Theseus was a stout fellow, the bed had been set on the short position). Killing Procrustes was the last adventure of Theseus on his journey from Troezen to Athens.ProcrustesI have no idea how many people read me. I don't follow stats closely. I do have a sitemeter account and I read the numbers, but I've no idea what that really means in the scheme of things. In the end I'm not driven to blog differently based on traffic.

One of the things Leah did did recently was implement FeedBurner. I'm following her lead because the stats available via FeedBurner are appealing to me.

Update: I have 34 subscribers to my feed, it looks like. Leah has two hundred and something. Fascinating!New Feed: FeedBurner 	 		YUI Theater: Douglas Crockford, The JavaScript Programming Language  Yahoo! User Interface Blog 		(tags: javascript video tutorial history programming) 	 	 		Google Testing Blog: Introducing "Testing on the Toilet" 		(tags: development programming software qa) 	 	 		Orcinus - Fiat Lux, indeed 		Universities moving to not provide credit to high school students used only Intelligent Design textbooks. 		(tags: education college religion) 	 	 		How to sell your house in a weekend - Commentary - California Housing Forecast 		(tags: economics sandiego housing) 	 	 		Potter's Journal: New Clay 		"The clay, like the fire, water and wood is a gift I have no right to waste." 		(tags: blogging art crafts philosophy environment) 	 	 		Bills Poker Blog  No Passport? No Problem(o) 		funny story 		(tags: funny expatriate law) 	 	 		FeedBurner Plugin // Ordered List by Steve Smith 		I just enabled this, following Leah's lead 		(tags: blog wordpress software) 	  Daily LinksDeep cleaning, root canal x 2, antibiotics.

It's a fun week so far.Dental WorkWealth Without Work
Pleasure Without Conscience
Knowledge Without Character
Commerce Without Morality
Science Without Humanity
Worship Without Sacrifice
Politics Without Principles
Rights Without Responsibilities
...from the M.K. Gandhi Institute for NonviolenceHuman Blunders 	 		Interview: Children of Men Director Alfonso Cuaron - Cinematical 		(tags: movies scifi interview) 	 	 		Against Well-designed Reputation Systems (An Argument for Community Patent) 		(tags: socialsoftware shirky) 	  Daily Links 	 		Helvetica 		(tags: typography type film movies) 	 	 		Speak n Spell 		(tags: history technology children toys) 	 	 		Using Subversion via TextPad 		(tags: programming svn textpad howto tutorial) 	 	 		richard gate 		painter 		(tags: artist art santamonica utah) 	 	 		Google's Bosworth: Why AJAX Failed (Then Succeeded) 		(tags: ajax history microsoft programming) 	  Daily LinksThe big one was done today. Taking antibiotics and Tylenol #3 (hah! I love that there's a wikipedia article about that).

It occurs to me that Tylenol #3 is to Tylenol as ActionScript is to ECMAScript.

Yes, even drugged, I am a bit odd.

I'll probably lie down for a while.Another Day, Another Root Canal

Molly Ivins, 1944-2007
Molly was the kind of cantankerous thinker I really like. She will be missed. As a memorial, go read one of her articles. Take part in your democracy. I never met her.

Anyone who can make me laugh AND make me think while I'm thinking about politics is okay in my book. P.J. O'Rourke and Harry Shearer and John Stewart and precious few others do this for me.Molly Ivins 	 		Seth's Blog: Wow! 		so funny. 		(tags: photo funny windows microsoft) 	 	 		Don's Blog: I Agree with Richard Thompson 		(tags: music art history) 	 	 		ongoing  XML 2.0? 		great discussion on the future of the web, xml, and more. 		(tags: xml future programming syndication) 	 	 		Yahoo! 360 - The Department of Style - For the trees 		Douglas Crockford is my hero of JavaScript 		(tags: javascript json syndication programming) 	  Daily Links 	 		Nolobe - Interarchy 		Interarchy got bought/sold to "Nolobe" 		(tags: software business) 	 	 		adaptive path  blog  blog archive  Crayola redesign launches 		(tags: design children education interface webdev) 	 	 		Boing Boing: Record your stethoscope on your iPod 		Rather clever 		(tags: respiratory technology) 	 	 		MetroRiderLA 		ooh... mass transit geekery 		(tags: losangeles transport transportation socal) 	 	 		notes: These Are My Two Favorite People Right Now 		(tags: funny art advertising news law media via:waxy) 	 	 		celene art homepage 		(tags: art artist) 	 	 		Bob Lassiter - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		sounds like a fascinating, cantankerous fellow. I used to love listening to Larry King on Mutual Radio. I miss radio I would want to listen to. 		(tags: radio history) 	 	 		Bob Lassiter Airchecks.com 		via CriticalMAS 		(tags: radio history funny mp3) 	 	 		SECOND LIFE: Put your money on World of Warcraft - Valleywag 		(tags: shirky socialsoftware gaming cyberpunk) 	  Daily Links 	 		O'Reilly Radar > Adrian Holovaty in American Journalism Review 		(tags: journalism writing programming visualization news media) 	 	 		Ultimate htaccess Examples | evolt.org 		(tags: htaccess webdev apache programming) 	  Daily Links 	 		Google Code - Google APIs 		(tags: google api programming) 	  Daily Links 	 		YouTube - Web 2.0 ... The Machine is Us/ing Us 		(tags: writing futurism web web2.0 video html xml socialsoftware) 	 	 		Google Sitemap Generator for WordPress v2 Final 		(tags: wordpress tool google seo) 	 	 		altmusictv - 120 Minutes archive - Playlists 		(tags: music tv history) 	 	 		Wallhogs 		giant sized poster type thingies 		(tags: photo printer design photography) 	  Daily LinksMan, has it been several days since I posted? I have not much to say since the dental procedures. They're feeling good, but there's more in store - I still have permanent crowns/bridges to be installed.

Bummer factor: I have a cold - serious sniffles, which was a partial rationale for getting rid of Mr. Beard. When one has a runny nose, one does not want tiny extensions coming out of one's face to capture said runny-ness. And so, I am once again clean-shaven. Leah liked the beard, but she likes the naked face as well.

I have a post about Children of Men that remains incomplete. Not sure when that'll be finished.

Worked with Google SketchUp yesterdat with my stepson Ty. He and a partner are working on a "Rube Goldberg" device project for school. He picked up the basics of SketchUp very fast. Not bad that there are free 3-D modelers you can basically get working on in about an hour. Shades of The Diamond Age.

Speaking of Google Products, I've been every more impressed with Google Analytics, which I have set up for two clients now. It's got some nice features for a free stats checker.

Yeah, having a cold is the pits. But the show must go on! Onward, that is.Mr. Terse Speaks 	 		Programming and Designing for the Web  FrogJS Javascript Gallery 		(tags: javascript photo programming photos webdev) 	 	 		Peter's Blog - The window.onload problem (still) 		(tags: programming browser javascript webdev) 	 	 		err.the_blog.find_by_title('I Will Paginate') 		(tags: rubyonrails programming howto webdev) 	 	 		gettext - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		(tags: i18n language programming opensource) 	 	 		SourceForge.net: Smarty Gettext 		(tags: i18n language programming opensource php) 	 	 		Ajaxload - Ajax loading gif generator 		(tags: graphics animation webdev ajax freeware) 	  Daily Links 	 		The Cult Of Sondra 		these videos sound pretty wonderful/horrible. 		(tags: video funny) 	 	 		Apple - Thoughts on Music 		Steve Jobs lets it be known that the DRM Emperor has no clothes, and that EVERYONE would be better served without it. Preach it brother! 		(tags: music apple software copyright law) 	 	 		San Diego Blogger Awards - Blogs to Watch in 2007 | San Diego Bloggers 		submit the ones you dig! 		(tags: sandiego blog) 	 	 		Got San Diego Blogs? 		(tags: sandiego blog) 	  Daily Links 	 		Daring Fireball: Reading Between the Lines of Steve Jobs's 'Thoughts on Music' 		An excellent exegesis. 		(tags: apple music copyright) 	 	 		Mental Shrapnel Blog Archive  What a Difference a Day Makes 		sunrise vs. fog. 		(tags: sandiego photography) 	 	 		71 - The Island of California  strange maps 		When Alta California tumbles into the sea, that'll be the day I go back to Annandale. 		(tags: california history maps) 	 	 		Apache Velocity Site - The Apache Velocity Project 		(tags: apache framework interface java webdev programming) 	 	 		Amazon.com: Spook Country: Books: William Gibson 		not until august 2007? crud. 		(tags: books cyberpunk) 	  Daily Links 	 		Subtopia: On Border Tunnel Infill 		(tags: sandiego law mexico border) 	 	 		YouTube - Randy Newman - A Few Words in Defense of Our Country 		(tags: m music politics video) 	 	 		Code Hinting in Flash MX 		_btn _txt _mc and many others! 		(tags: howto tutorial flash actionscript) 	 	 		SodaHead - Whats bubbling in Your head | SodaHead.com 		(tags: socialsoftware sodahead) 	 	 		Grownup Social Networking - SodaHead 		(tags: socialsoftware sodahead) 	 	 		GigaOM  Funded SodaHead, a new social network by XMySpaceR 		(tags: socialsoftware sodahead) 	 	 		paidContent.org: The Economics of Content 		(tags: socialsoftware sodahead) 	  Daily Links 	 		Creating a CSS layout from scratch : Subcide 		rather good explication of turning a layout into css. 		(tags: html css webdev design programming howto tutorial) 	 	 		Gayles Perks - Northridge California 		coffeehouse with free wireless 		(tags: wireless northridge) 	 	 		poundbang - Harish Mallipeddi's Blog  Tutorial : Setting up Django on a shared host 		(tags: django howto python webdev programming) 	  Daily Links
Best failure mode, ever. Amiga.

Cool.Guru MeditationI find this pretty interesting to look at. Google Analytics is a powerful free tool.
Google Analytics Map of lab.artlung.com Visits
If, on my resume, I indicate where I live, and that I am not interested in relocating; please do not suggest that I work in New York, Minnesota, Arizona, Florida, Nevada, or any other state where I don't live.
If your accent is so thick that I cannot understand you, I have no way to return your call.
California is a pretty big place, you might want to check to see how close the job is to me. Google Maps is free to use. (see #1)
Palo Alto, San Francisco, and Sacramento would not be reasonable commuting distances for me, as I do not have a jet aircraft.
It's "Mac" not "MAC."
It's not "Pearl", it's "Perl."
Java is not JavaScript, though this is a confusing point even for some people who work in my business. I forgive you this one.
If you ask me what my salary requirements are, please don't be surprised if I'm not excited about the great opportunity that's thirty-thousand dollars less than what I've indicated. Sure, there's wiggle room about such things -- negotiation is an artform -- but a 30K difference might be a problem.
If you call me and say you're going to email me something, please email me the thing you said you'd email me. I have been very slack in the past about this, but I now understand the problem, and am doing my best to rectify it.
In your phone messages, if you say your phone number very fast could you at least repeat it once?
Guidelines for Recruiters 	 		Kids, the Internet, and the End of Privacy: The Greatest Generation Gap Since Rock and Roll -- New York Magazine 		(tags: blogging culture internet privacy futurism via:jwz socialsoftware kids) 	 	 		carlos huante art 		(tags: artist design illustration art) 	 	 		stereogum: Strange Grave, Here He Comes 		(tags: music morrissey death via:missewon) 	 	 		A Computational Introduction to Number Theory and Algebra 		(tags: math books programming free) 	 	 		Penny Arcade! - We Accept Paypal And Most Major Credit Cards 		(tags: comics games business funny) 	 	 		Global Guerrillas: THE AUTHORITY TRAP 		camouflage in action.
		(tags: security futurism) 	 	 		Democracy Now! | EXCLUSIVE: Imprisoned Journalist Josh Wolf Speaks Out From Jail After Over 170 Days Behind Bars 		(tags: censorship freedom journalism media rights blogging) 	 	 		Tetrapod Zoology : The science of Godzilla 		Gojira. Explained. 		(tags: japan scifi culture science movies) 	 	 		The Reagan Doctrine by Isaac Asimov 		(tags: religion politics psychology philosophy history) 	 	 		Schneier on Security: DRM in Windows Vista 		(tags: security windows copyright business) 	 	 		Nations In Debt: Its Bad and Getting Worse - Credit Cave 		(tags: economics money politics) 	  Daily Links

This is the right William Gibson.When Suggestion Systems Fail: Wrong William Gibson 	 		Welcome To King Trivia 		we went to one of these the other night and it was pretty fun! 		(tags: fun games socal) 	 	 		Natural Docs 		tool for doing automated documentation (a la javadoc, phpdoc, phpdocumentor) - requires perl 		(tags: programming tools javascript actionscript php python coldfusion) 	 	 		Rich Media Institute: Education for Digital Professionals 		(tags: education flash media training losangeles) 	  Daily Links
Happy Valentine's Day MMVII 	 		Welcome to LostSouls.com 		(tags: art losangeles via:dougwelch) 	 	 		Multimap API V1.2 : Decluttering Markers 		(tags: api mapping maps) 	 	 		Articles on Career Change Advice by Debra Thorsen, Fearless Guides Certified Professional Coach 		(tags: work philosophy health) 	 	 		PublicRadioFan.com - Podcast directory 		(tags: podcast media radio audio) 	 	 		Tutorials on Microformats 		(tags: programming tutorial webdev semanticweb howto) 	 	 		Apple Hard At Work Making iPhone Obsolete | The Onion - America's Finest News Source 		(tags: apple funny humor) 	 	 		A Case of the MUMPS - The Daily WTF 		MUMPS sounds like a truly dreadful language. 		(tags: programming sad funny) 	 	 		Metroblogging Los Angeles: Calling All Bloggers - PARTY!!!!!!1!11 		(tags: losangeles blogging socialnetworking events) 	  Daily Links#.htaccess SETTINGS TO TURN OFF
# STUPID MAGIC QUOTES IN PHP
# I HATE MAGIC QUOTES PROBLEMS
php_flag magic_quotes_gpc off

UPDATE: See Magic Quotes, and note:
This feature has been DEPRECATED as of PHP 5.3.0 and REMOVED as of PHP 6.0.0. Relying on this feature is highly discouraged.Turn off Magic Quotes in PHP via .htaccess 	 		Tips for Writing Nicer Site Badges - Ed Eliot 		(tags: programming javascript webdev) 	 	 		Django | Documentation | Template guide 		(tags: django framework python webdev) 	 	 		webjayeng3 : webjayeng3 		web jay frontend engineering position 		(tags: jobs yahoo santamonica) 	 	 		Change your View: Enhancing the User Interface of a Ruby on Rails Application 		(tags: rubyonrails programming tutorial) 	  Daily LinksI emailed Cathedral High wondering if there were plans for a University of San Diego High School Class of 1987 Reunion. This year it will have been twenty (TWENTY!) years since I graduated from Uni. I got back this reply:
There are plans. Martin Correia is chairing the event and is in the midst of putting the committee together. The reunion will be held the weekend of October 5-7. The 10 year reunion will be held at the same time (not in the same venue of course). Friday night will be a casual cocktail party here at CCHS with tours led by our students for those interested, light food, music, and beer and wine. Saturday night would be up to the individual classes to plan. We would bring the classes back on Sunday for a mass here in our chapel. I will get the details up on the web as soon as possible with a contact for Martin so that you can get the latest from him. I hope this helps.
Not sure I'll be able to make it, but it's good to know.San Diego Uni High Class of '87 Reunion 	 		4+1 Ways To Speed Up WordPress With Caching 		worthwhile. 		(tags: wordpress programming) 	  Daily Links 	 		Reduce WordPress Spam By Creating Fake Comment Forms For Spam Bots | OneTipADay.com 		(tags: wordpress spam howto) 	 	 		The right way to read files with PHP 		(tags: programming php tutorial webdev) 	 	 		Neo Culpa: Politics & Power: vanityfair.com 		"The road to hell is paved with good intentions." 		(tags: politics war iraq republican history) 	  Daily LinksIt's been a sore spot for me that Leah's excellent blog has not really, uh, worked, for a long time. In MSIE 5 to 7, the thing basically went all wonky with the sidebars and ads and content. The thing was consistently off, and occasionally very broken. There's an aphorism that "the cobbler's children have no shoes;" to which a corollary might be -- "the web designer's wife has no working blog theme." The look was based on an older version of the sandiegoblog.com theme, which was in turn based on Kubrick, a classic (read: OLD) WordPress theme.

Tonight I finally did something about it and voila! It looks like it even works. It's a relatively generic three-column theme. Not really "new" -- the thing that's new is that it's not broken. The code is pretty and it works and it is consistent. Besides one non-semanticly correct html table, the rest of it is pretty darn clean. The xhtml even validates!
leahpeah.com/blog/ theme validates!"It is a story of a small town girl, single mother, model, party animal and how she changed a little part of the world and touched so many people. "read more | digg storyAnna Nicole The Musical seeking Young Writers / Composers / LyricistsEverything needs to be remade. Things will look wonky until I get the thing looking right. It may be a while. Comments and suggestions are welcome in the interim.Count ZeroHere's the first post -- rather short.

Since that time I've built other blogs, sold other blogs, been divorced, fallen in and out of love, lived with some different people, remarried, been interviewed on the radio, worked at a few different placed, gained weight, lost weight, travelled, regained faith, been cranky, been happy, had long hair, cut it short. Hopefully I've learned something along the way -- it feels like I have, I know that I know more than I once did. It's hard to ask for more than that.

I think it's an accomplishment to have been blogging for six years. I have seen many many blogs start and stop. It's been a good tool for my own mental health, to connect with people, to make my complaints, to announce my projects, to make my greetings. I've been doing it since before blogging was a word that appeared in the news or on tv commercials. I've been blogging since before it was making presidential news. I joined the blogging "craze" at an interesting part of the adoption curve -- 2001 -- before it was ever a "craze." Ever self-critical, I consider myself late to the party -- I was late to identify the importance of the technologies we now call blogging. I had been knocking about mailing lists -- discussion lists where people discuss everything from web development, to the music of talking heads, to politics, and everything else. Here's some evolt.org postings from 1999 for example. It's pretty cool that it was Matt Haughey who encouraged me, by email, that what I had to say would make a good blog. Considering how large he looms in the world of blogging now, it's quite a compliment. I think of it as though one of the Wright brothers had encouraged me to get into aviation. Eventually I listened. But I resisted it for a long time. I had many questions: what's wrong with usenet? What's wrong with individual web pages? What's wrong with mailing lists? I relented because the ease of publishing via blog was too tempting. Today, to post to my website -- to start writing this post -- the one you're reading right now -- I don't have to start a new html file , write it up, and upload it by FTP. All I have to do is click my browser's "blog this" bookmarklet, start writing, and click "publish." That ease of use was critical. It was a huge step towards what we now call the "Read/Write Web" -- which is closer to Tim Berners-Lee's original conception of browsers - that they would be a mechanism not just to read the web, but also to write to the web.

Privacy and anonymity were concerns for me, then, as now. When I started blogging, I was also acutely aware that I wanted to write as myself. I might have been "ArtLung" -- but I'm also "Joe Crawford." No anonymity meant that this was writing that would eventually be read by friends, family, enemies, government, employers past and present. I made myself ready for that. The blog was not discovered by those folks for several years -- and still has not been paid much attention by any of employers. Buy my operating philosophy was to think of it as public. It was a diary, but a diary that I would write and then walk down and post to the laundromat bulletin board. It was not necessarily a safe and quiet space. I had strong, strong opinions about blogging. For example, I knew that I in no way wanted comments. And it stayed like that for several years, while the site was run through blogger.com. The idea I had about comments was that I didn't want it to be a venue for anyone else. And I didn't necessarily want to know what people had to say about the stuff I had to say. This was my own space, and not anyone else's. If people want to write on the web, they should get their own site.

Now, I welcome comments. Yes, I have deleted a few over the years, for various reasons; but in the main I am more open to other points of view than I once was. I'm more apt to give your crazy idea a listen. I've found it's been a great help to me to get those other perspectives. By ceding to the point that "other people might know something" I've learned so much more.

In 2007 the most popular site on the web, at least for the time being, is MySpace. It allows people to do exactly what I was doing in 2001 - share myself with the web. And it makes it as easy as possible. It's no surprise to me, though I still wish the tools worked better than they do. This future, where it's as easy as pie for people to publish to the web, is a pretty good one. It could be better, but that's a normal kind of aspiration. Onward to the future y'all. Have a great day and I'll see you soon, right here. Onward.It Was Six Years Ago Today I Started Blogging
And now, there's other stuff to do today. Rawk awn!
new design more-or-less completeHey kids, I've made artlung.com no longer be a homepage. If I do something like that again it'll be over on the one-page joecrawford.com. At this point I have a great deal of faith in WordPress and I'll be migrating all I can from the old pages into it. It's been quite a few years, and it feels like the right thing. You can see old pages and designs over in the archive area.

As usual, lots happening. We're on the verge of many things - taxes, new cars, and much more. It's an exciting time, it's a difficult time. Rock.


ArtLung.com Homepage: 2005-2007Goodbye, Dedicated HomepageNot too long ago I asked on h about commuting strategies from Simi Valley to Brentwood. It's been a few weeks, and here are the results:

What I've tried in these past several weeks:
1. 118-&gt;405-&gt;Wilshire
2. 23-&gt;101-&gt;Kanan Road-&gt;PCH-&gt;Wilshire
3. 23-&gt;101-&gt;Topanga-&gt;PCH-&gt;Wilshire
4. 118-&gt;Sepulveda-&gt;Wilshire
5. 23-&gt;101-&gt;Las Virgines-&gt;Malibu Canyon-&gt;PCH-&gt;Wilshire
6. public transport

The results:
1. feels fast generally while on the 118, but the 405 just feels no fun, so I avoid it. It feels slower that the other options. and i feel trapped. if i want to get gas or whatever
2. is fun, but I think it wastes a lot of time on Kanan.
3. too curvy - i don't get motion sickness, but this route makes me think of that
4. kind of nice, but too many other people are taking this road and it ends up being a bit nerve-racking
5. my favorite route, it's not really much faster than the other options, but it feels faster, and i get a nice amount of having the ocean off to my right. there's something to be said for looking at the ocean for mental health.
6. unexplored completely. very sad, since i love the train and don't mind the bus.

audio books and podcasts have been wonderful for this trip. a stanford class on the historical jesus, and a bunch of future of warfare talks from johns hopkins, plus lots of coverville and misc IT conversations podcasts have been great. it makes me think about working in santa monica, frankly. i always swore that i'd never have a commute, but this one has worked out well.Commute from Simi Valley to BrentwoodStupid Code Tricks:

Ruby http://www.ruby-doc.org/docs/ruby-doc-bundle/Manual/man-1.4/syntax.html#assign
foo, bar = [1, 2]

PHP http://www.php.net/manual/en/function.list.php
list($foo, $bar) = array(1, 2);

JavaScript http://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/New_in_JavaScript_1.7#Destructuring_assignment
[foo, bar] = [1, 2]; // I believe this is only valid in the latest versions of Firefox.Destructured Assignment in Ruby, PHP, and JavaScript 	 		Japan's secret weapon: cuteness | FP Passport 		most heterogenous set of tags yet: "culture japan iraq funny cute war" 		(tags: culture japan iraq funny cute war) 	 	 		PHPUnit 		(tags: php qa framework opensource webdev programming tools) 	 	 		PHPUnit Pocket Guide 		(tags: php qa framework opensource webdev programming tools books tutorial) 	 	 		SourceForge.net: SimpleTest 		Integration into Eclipse for PHPUnit 		(tags: eclipse framework php qa programming) 	 	 		Unit Test 		on the c2 wiki 		(tags: programming qa) 	 	 		Unit testing - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		(tags: programming qa) 	 	 		PHP: Passing by Reference - Manual 		this was causing some confusion for some colleagues today. not brain surgery, but important concept. 		(tags: php programming) 	  Daily LinksLent is here. What's Lent?

And there are several possibilities floating around on tables.Stay tuned, I might even write about some of them.

Heh.

On other notes, I bought Head First Object-Oriented Analysis and Design recently, and I need to take the time and get into it some more.

And it's raining.

Commute time, y'all.LentenTuesday was Mardis Gras, and my Mom reminded me of the time I got lost in the crowds there. I had not remembered how old I was. Here's the exchange:
Joe, Remember when you got lost att Mardi Gras? What a scare that was. We almost lost you twice in crowds.
I replied:
I do remember! That was a fun day. I was 12, right? Or 11?

I can't seem to remember now.
The word is this:
You were 11 Joe and when I finally found you, you were having so much fun catching doubloons and beads. You had a big smile on your face when I finally found you. You made the best of the situation.
As I recall, I pretty much terrified them with that stunt: here's some musings on New Orleans which includes someof those rememberances: Robot Fighter, 1982:
I remember Mardi Gras. I remember getting lost at Mardis Gras. We had come over from Gretna to watch Parades. Maybe Bacchus or one of the other Crewes. We came over the bridge, and we were not really nearby home. I got lost. Apparently my parents were frantic, and trying to get the National Guardsmen to find me. Or were they Marines? Anyway, they were huge men in uniform.
Me? I watched the parade. I didnt worry too much about finding my parents. I wonder if I felt I didnt need to? Probably I knew that things would be fine, even if the streets were packed with thousands of people. Eventually the parade would end and Id find my parents.
It's funny, I think I'm at a stage in the blog where I'm in danger of repeating remembrances. The brilliant thing about the tools available is I can instantly look for whatever I want to on my site by doing a query like "mardis gras site:artlung.com"

That's really all I wanted to say about that.Getting Lost at Mardis GrasI have discovered an alarming trend of my online life: I document when I wear out my shoes.

Here's: The Sandals Which I Killt Wif My Walking  from last August. And Old Shoe from 2004. I made a header out of that one.

And in that spirit, here's the latest in the line of dead soldiers:




I sing a song of shoes 	 		MySQL AB :: MySQL 5.0 Reference Manual :: 19.2 CREATE VIEW Syntax 		I am so used to being restrained by the limitations of MySQL I missed completely that it can now do views. I'm using this today on a project. 		(tags: database mysql programming) 	 	 		Alan Kay: The PC Must Be Revamped--Now 		(tags: culture computer technology futurism) 	  Daily Links 	 		Why some women just can't fit in 		(tags: women culture work via:backupbrain) 	 	 		There's a Housing Bubble -- A Fact-Filled Opinion | Piggington's Econo-Almanac | Southern California Housing Bubble News and Analysis 		(tags: sandiego economics housing) 	 	 		voiceofsandiego.org: Toscano... There's a Housing Bubble -- A Fact-Filled Opinion 		(tags: sandiego economics housing) 	 	 		Zack Snyder Reveals Watchmen Details - CGI Choices and More!  FirstShowing.net 		(tags: movies comics via:mefi) 	 	 		Fan Film Review: Watchmen Movies  Fan Cinema Today 		(tags: movies comics via:mefi) 	 	 		MetroRiderLA  MetroRider Roll Call! 		I am a transit nerd. 		(tags: transport transportation travel) 	 	 		How to Avoid Colloquial (Informal) Writing - WikiHow 		(tags: language writing tutorial howto) 	 	 		iTWire: Google Apps in the Enterprise 		Die Microsoft Office! Die! 		(tags: microsoft google technology software web web2.0) 	 	 		Yahoo! 360 - The Department of Style - Browser Wars 		I want to go to this. Very much. How to do it? Not sure. 		(tags: web history browser event) 	 	 		2/28/07 Browser War Episode II - Silicon Valley Web Builder 		(tags: browser web event) 	  Daily Links 	 		Ellen Lindner - Comics and Illustration 		(tags: comics illustration) 	 	 		Projectkooky.com -- you poor jerk. 		(tags: comics illustration) 	 	 		Foreign Policy In Focus | Chomsky on Iran, Iraq, and the Rest of the World 		(tags: politics war iran iraq) 	  Daily Linksvia leahpeah : Blog Archive  Tap tap tap

and via blogging.la: Calling All Bloggers - PARTY!!!!!!1!11

this might be fun!LA Blogger Shindig Tuesday after Next 	 		Outrage at Pokez? 		Pokez waitress treats autistic kid VERY poorly. 		(tags: sandiego law food) 	  Daily Links 	 		MiniAjax.com / A showroom of nice looking simple downloadable DHTML and AJAX scripts 		(tags: ajax javascript webdev programming) 	 	 		March Mingle :: Home 		San Diego networking event 		(tags: sandiego technology event) 	  Daily Links 	 		Volusion: Shopping Cart Software Ecommerce Solutions 		(tags: ecommerce simivalley) 	 	 		Everybody loves Eric Raymond 		silly fun 		(tags: comics humor opensource linux gpl) 	 	 		Deploying1.0ToASharedHost - symfony 		(tags: symfony mvc php programming framework) 	  Daily Links 	 		XML for PHP developers, Part 1: The 15-minute PHP-with-XML starter 		(tags: php xml programming tutorial) 	 	 		Aflax: The Ajax Library for the Adobe Flash Platform 		(tags: flash programming opensource ajax javascript framework xml) 	 	 		A List Apart: Articles: Sliding Doors of CSS 		(tags: css howto html design webdev) 	 	 		WordPress  Blog  WordPress 2.1.1 dangerous, Upgrade to 2.1.2 		crap. I have two copies of this i need to replace. 		(tags: wordpress security webdev blog) 	 	 		XNAtutorial.com 		XNAtutorial.com provides video instructions for beginners wanting to get into game programming. 		(tags: programming games gaming tu tutorial) 	 	 		LearnXNA.com 		found via Greg's Cool [Inset Clever Name] of the Day 		(tags: games gaming programming tutorial) 	  Daily LinksAnd another of my heroes, Bruce Sterling:
My Dot-Green Future Is Finally Arriving - washingtonpost.com
In 1998, I had it figured that the dot-com boom would become a dot-green boom. It took a while for others to get it. Some still dont. They think Im joking. They are still used to thinking of greenness as being "counter" and "alternative" -- they dont understand that 21st-century green is and must be about everything -- the works. Sustainability is comprehensive. That which is not sustainable doesnt go on. Glamorous green. I preached that stuff for years. I dont have to preach it anymore, because it couldnt be any louder. Green will never get any sexier than it is in 2007. Because, after this, brown will start going away.Bruce Sterling OpEd in the Washington Post 	 		Jeff Russell's STARSHIP DIMENSIONS 		still one of my favorite sites. it has herbie the love bug, lots of star wars ships, ringworld, and more. 		(tags: scifi startrek starwars arc architecture design) 	 	 		The life of Bryan | Music | Arts | Telegraph 		I was once an obsessive listener to Bryan Ferry and Roxy Music. It seems he has aged interestingly. 		(tags: music culture) 	  Daily LinksI so wanted to go to this - folks from Internet Explorer, Mozilla, and Opera PLUS my JavaScript hero Douglas Crockford getting together to talk browsers: YUI Theater  Browser Wars Episode II: Attack of the DOMs [Yahoo! User Interface Blog]

I will be watching this.

Hi, I'm Joe, and I'm a browser nerd. Hi Joe.Browser Wars IIRecruiting Email Sentence of the Day (emphasis added):
My name is XXX XXXXX and I'm an IT recruiter at XXX. Our records show that you are an experienced IT professional with experience in Web Master. This experience is relevant to one of my current openings.Experience in Web Master
As Leah and I laze around the house, not putting away clothes in the bedroom, I will fire up Google Reader and read blogs the way nature never intended, in a newsreader. One of the not-really-blogs I read this way is FARK. FARK is the apotheosis of what a nonsense everything/nothing site is on the web. One of the best things about it is the headlines, at least 10% of which make me laugh out loud, or at least chuckle. They also keep me up to date in the quickest way possible what's happening in pop culture.
Let's take a completely random sample from just now:

Travel news:
Thanks to Borat, tourists are flocking to Kazakhstan

Dumb criminals:
Bus driver peeps in woman's apartment, meets golf driver

Transportation news:
  U.S. Airways "new" computer system just did what most "new" computer systems do

War news:
  AP photographers claim U.S. soldiers deleted their photos and videos, and warned them not to publish images of scene where Afghan civilians were shot to death
It's faster than watching the actual news, and just about as in depth. If I want to pursue these in more depth, I can chug over to news.google.com and do a search and read what I want when I want it. Fark is also great because it's so silly at times. I really like their PhotoShop contests. For example: HA HA Guy.

Read more about news in a recent article by the founder of Fark, Drew Curtis: Why the media passes off bunk as newsHA! HA! I get my news from Fark.com 	 		Greg's Cool [Insert Clever Name] of the Day: Blogger Backup Utility v1.0.0.0 Alpha Released 		(tags: blogging tools asp.net) 	 	 		Yahoo! UI Library: YUI Theater 		(tags: video yahoo webdev) 	 	 		The Power (and Peril) of Praising Your Kids -- New York Magazine 		This article has the ring of truth 		(tags: culture kids psychology relationships family children) 	 	 		Eyunta.com  The Many Jobs of Felix J. Tibs 		"overflowing with meatz." 		(tags: funny writing) 	  Daily LinksSo much happening. My contract in Brentwood is ending soon, and I have beaucoup bucks in receivables outstanding -- that is, people owe me money for work already done -- more than ever, across many clients. The problem is, for about 7 days, no checks! What's the deal people, baby needs a new pair of shoes! Where are the checks? It's very frustrating to be so "ahead" on paper and not have the dollars in the bank account, we're perilously low. It would be one thing if Leah and I had any credit, but we really don't. If everything came in today, man, we'd actually be in a situation where we could have some savings! Well, almost. Anyway, it's nice to theoretically be on a more secure financial footing, but it's dragging out. The suspense is pretty hard to take.
So -- Hey! Universe! Pay up! We need it! Thanks for the consideration.
- Joe
Update Tuesday Afternoon: Thanks Universe! We're two thirds there! And I now have my next gig lined up. Thanks a bunch!Record Receivables Outstanding... Now where are they? 	 		Ten Javascript Tools Everyone Should Have 		(tags: javascript programming webdev ajax) 	 	 		YouTube - ZWH - There Is A Light That Never Goes Out 		intriguing cover of a great smiths song. 		(tags: morrissey music video) 	  Daily LinksSo Leah and I went to the mediabistro blogger meet thing tonight down in Los Angeles. It was jazzy fun. It was very loud at Bar Lubitsch. And nine bucks for a (not very tall) Jack Daniels and Coke? Qu horror!

It was good to see Heather again, and I even got to shake Tony Pierce's hand.  though it was on the way out the door. Some other nice folks too, but I don't have links for all of them, at least not close at hand. But people were friendly and it seemed to be a nice mix of novices, honest-to-goodness bloggers, and newspaper and magazine types. Though I did not mingle very aggressively. Scratch that, I hardly mingled at all, but I talked to a bit under a dozen people. Felt like there were maybe 100 people total for the event in and out of there while we were there.

It was worth it. And Leah and I caught late supper at Mel's Diner on the Sunset Strip. A little underwhelming, though there were the usual visually interesting hipsters, models, and wannabes. I had a hankering for one of their shakes, but demurred.

I'm thinking about Python. And other things as well of course.

G'night y'all.meh dee ah bee straw 	 		Health Insurance, Medical Insurance, Individual Health Insurance Quotes 		(tags: business health medicine consumer) 	 	 		mediabistro.com: jobs, classes, community and news for media professionals 		(tags: advertising media jobs journalism culture losangeles publishing) 	 	 		Malibu Hindu Temple 		I want to visit this 		(tags: calabasas religion hinduism) 	 	 		Amit Pansare's Photo Gallery 		Some great stuff in here 		(tags: photography socal photos) 	 	 		ColorZilla Extension for Firefox and Mozilla 		(tags: firefox webdev tools color) 	  Daily LinksQuoting myself from an email to a colleague:
Why I stayed so long at *****, where the primary thing I was working on was traditional ASP, I have no idea. I'm coming to think if a job isn't making you smarter, it's making you dumber. And *** man, every line of VBScript I code makes me dumber.New Theory of Technology Work 	 		W3C Relaunches HTML Activity 		xhtml was not the be-all end all. 		(tags: html web webstandards) 	  Daily Linksjoecrawford.comI done cracked myself up!Redesign of JoeCrawford.com 	 		NCAM/CC for Flash 		Closed Captioning for Flash. Nifty. 		(tags: flash accessibility webdev) 	 	 		FreeStyle Street Basketball(TM) - Home 		(tags: games) 	 	 		Leahpeah's Trade A Craft 		(tags: leahpeah socialsoftware crafts) 	 	 		Welcome to TextDrive  Reliable, high performance web hosting you can trust 		(tags: webdev hosting rubyonrails) 	 	 		Site5 Affordable Web Hosting - Discount Web Hosting and Reseller Hosting 		(tags: webdev hosting rubyonrails php) 	 	 		Web Hosting by DreamHost Web Hosting: Web Sites, Domain Registration, WordPress, Ruby on Rails, all on Debian Linux! 		I've heard good things about them 		(tags: webdev hosting rubyonrails php) 	 	 		AVG Free Advisor: Free anti-virus, anti-spyware and anti-malware tools 		Good stuff for Windows 		(tags: windows freeware security download) 	 	 		Cleverchimp blog  Blog Archive  My sordid past 		Todd Fahrner is the CSS guru who gave it all up for bikes. Awesome fellow, moving tale. 		(tags: css history webstandards biography) 	 	 		Am I Right - Misheard Lyrics, Planet Soul 		I always thought it was "Come into my bland soul" -- which for a droning dance track is perfect. 		(tags: music lyrics funny) 	 	 		GDC 07: Game Studies Download 		fascinating stuff from Raph Koster. Hero of game thinking. 		(tags: games culture usability) 	  Daily Linksthe url for "web/HTML/info design jobs" on craigslist used to be http://losangeles.craigslist.org/art/ . I know this because until this morning I was subscribed to the RSS feed for those kind of jobs. That changed when the url for those web jobs changed to  http://losangeles.craigslist.org/web/ , which of course means that the RSS feed also changed.

Points off, Craigslist, for changing the urls of something people have bookmarked and subscribed to without any kind of notice or even notification. But bonus points for for choosing a better url for things artistic. I can only think you changed urls because you found that people were "guessing" the url "/art/" and getting confused. URLs are user interface.

If you look at Google right now for this search, you can see Google still thinks the old url applies. It'll catch up soon I bet.



If I had built any Yahoo Pipes or other applications or mashups based on that RSS feed, I'd have some changes to make.

Given that Craig Newmark is a web guy, I always looked at the /art/ url as a kind of nod to the "artistic" aspect of making web pages. A tiny appreciation of HTML geeks like me. I suppose that's a bit of wishful thinking on my part.craigslist changes url for web jobs and rss feeds thereto 	 		NEWSEUM: The Commissar Vanishes 		(tags: history photography ussr) 	 	 		de portables (10 years!)  Blog Archive  Abba The Hutt 		i laughed out loud. 		(tags: funny starwars music) 	 	 		Tales From the Database - Mile High Comics, Chuck Rozanski 		(tags: comics history via:mefi) 	 	 		Tales From the Database - Mile High Comics, Chuck Rozanski 		(tags: comics history via:mefi) 	 	 		They Wont Know What Hit Them 		coordinated donations to gay-friendly candidates in smaller races. genius politicking. 		(tags: sex activism politics) 	 	 		xkcd - A webcomic of romance, sarcasm, math, and language - By Randall Munroe 		(tags: opensource funny comics) 	 	 		UC Berkeley Webcasts | Video and Podcasts: CS 61A 		CS 61A The Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs 		(tags: education programming school video podcast) 	 	 		UC Berkeley Webcasts | Video and Podcasts: Psych 107 		Psych 107 Buddhist Psychology 		(tags: psychology religion video free school) 	 	 		UC Berkeley Webcasts | Video and Podcasts: InfoSys 290A-1 		InfoSys 290A-1 XML Foundations (Five Weeks Only) 		(tags: xml video school free) 	  Daily LinksOn March 1st I made the first new header for this site in almost two years. This morning I made another one. It has a Blade Runner theme. I quite like Gaff's character. He's blue eyed and semi-hispanic with a bizarre sartorial flair. I definitely identify with him. I have saved all of the headers I've made for the site over the years.

Why did I stop making headers? I think I simplified the blog theme, and I could never find the time. I still can't find the time, really, there's always new work to do; but I catch 30 minutes here and there, which is enough to noodle in Photoshop and make a header. I admit that I have made some nice ones over the years.Reconstituted Headers 	 		Date and Time Formats 		(tags: calendar time programming webstandards) 	 	 		ISO 8601 - Numeric representation of dates and time 		(tags: calendar time) 	 	 		RFC 3339 		 Date and Time on the Internet: Timestamps 		(tags: calendar time programming webstandards) 	  Daily Links 	 		Wave Bubble 		(tags: howto radio cyberpunk futurism technology) 	  Daily Links 	 		Thomas Pynchon Wiki: Gravity's Rainbow 		(tags: books scifi literature wiki) 	 	 		Seeing Males Together: When It Was OK to Show Affection | MetaFilter 		(tags: culture history photography) 	  Daily LinksWow. And... cool.I'm 37. 	 		Table of Malcontents | WIRED Blogs 		James Randi from the 1970s. 		(tags: skeptic psychic funny) 	 	 		The Stan Laurel Correspondence Archive Project 		fascinating. 		(tags: culture writing history funny movies) 	 	 		For $17 you too can chain smoke near your PlayStation 3 		Apparently smoking near your game system can make it disgusting. Funky. 		(tags: gaming respiratory health funny) 	 	 		5 Excellent Free Grunge Fonts | BittBox 		(tags: typ typography fonts freefonts design) 	 	 		VidLit - Well-Told Tales 		(tags: flash fiction books marketing) 	 	 		Frederator Studios Blog:  Old Yeller Dog Food! 		Stupid. 		(tags: funny culture movies) 	 	 		How I Became A Music Pirate - Consumerist 		DRM sucks part jillion. 		(tags: music business copyright stupid) 	  Daily Links

I loved that guyPreviously.Larry "Bud" R.I.P. 	 		YouTube - Novell Linux - Apple Ad Spoof (1st) 		(tags: linux video funny commercial) 	 	 		YouTube - Get a MAC Spoof 2 		(tags: linux video funny commercial) 	  Daily Links 	 		news from me - ARCHIVES 		The Secret Origin of Larry "Bud" Melman 		(tags: history tv culture) 	 	 		Daring Fireball: Markdown 		(tags: programming web opensource socialsoftware) 	 	 		Mortgage crisis overwhelming credit counselors - CNN.com 		(tags: cnn housing money) 	 	 		writing-test-cases-for-web-browsers 		(tags: mozilla web webdev via:wearehugh) 	 	 		The Kitty Letter - Southern California - Simi Valley - Thousand Oaks - Moorpark - Westlake - Ventura - San Fernando Valley - Conejo Valley 		(tags: realestate rentals simivalley moorpark thousandoaks westlakevillage) 	 	 		Variety.com - Hollywood's dark underbelly 		(tags: tv culture celebrity) 	 	 		Open Culture: Audio Book Podcast Collection 		lots of free books 		(tags: audio books podcast education) 	 	 		Download details: Internet Explorer Developer Toolbar Beta 3 		MSIE's answer to the several-years-old Web Developer Toolbar for Firefox. 		(tags: msie tools programming webdev) 	 	 		WIRED Blogs: 27B Stroke 6 		This thread, with gobs of useless idiot internet idiots, shows why places like the well (paid communities) will ALWAYS exist. I made the best comment. 		(tags: security technology culture history funny) 	 	 		Arash and Kelly +++ Genius Table +++ 		post-it table. 		(tags: art furniture drawing design via:boingboing) 	 	 		a thousand artless miseries. 		ross campbell -- comics illustrator and artist 		(tags: artist drawing illustration comics art) 	 	 		YouTube - Bruce Sterling in Belgrade 		(tags: video brucesterling futurism culture architecture design) 	 	 		Modest Maps 		this looks useful 		(tags: flash actionscript api design webdev visualization opensource mapping maps) 	  Daily Links

A bike was freedom to me when I was a kid. Above is a picture of the bike I got not too long ago. It represents freedom. It's hard to get out on the bike, and I don't do it as often as might like to, but I do it when I can and I have the motivation. I'm finding it easier to see ways to have it fold into my life in a way that's seamless, and I like that a lot.

I've not blogged this week, actually in the past two weeks. I ended up my last contract, and I'm on to my next one, I started on Wednesday last week. I'm on for a six month engagement with the online game maker Vivendi Games, Sierra Online. So far, I like it a lot. They have a nice work environment and everyone's been awesome so far.

Fun datapoint: I updated my linkedin profile with where I'm working, and the minute I got a phone extension at Sierra I had a message on that phone trying to recruit me away. I got another call on Friday. Dude, too soon! So I'm delighted to tell people that I'll be occupied till the autumn at least.

I had a nice birthday last week. Leah wrote a little bit about me last week. Yesterday her sad broken camera came back from the shop and I'm adopting it. It's easier to use than her behemoth digital SLR.

Yesterday I had a blast looking at all of the entries in the Supergirl meme. I made comments on the ones I liked. I think this one is my favorite overall. Seeing all the variations on Supergirl was inspirational to me. Perhaps it's time to do some drawing when I get some clear time. Last year I remember the Batgirl meme.

On the agenda today is looking for places to live in Moorpark. We had a good time driving the streets yesterday. We saw some signs. Sometimes Craigslist is not enough.  Wish us luck! and if you know of 3 bedroom places less than $2000/month right in Moorpark, drop us a line.

Onward!Freedom is Road Seldom Traveled by the Multitude 	 		SANDOW BIRK 		Interesting neoclassical political artist 		(tags: art politics losangeles iraq) 	 	 		BLDGBLOG: Science Fiction and the City: Film Fest Update! 		Nice science fiction themed event at ArtCenter in May 		(tags: futurism pasadena architecture design events scifi movies illustration) 	 	 		Murphypop: The Illustration of Meghan Murphy 		(tags: art illustration comics) 	 	 		Dean Trippe 		(tags: comics illustration art) 	 	 		PragDave: Writing a Book 		Pragmatic Programmer's advice on tech writing 		(tags: writing howto programming books) 	  Daily Links 	 		Install multiple versions of IE on your PC | TredoSoft 		(tags: via:diveintomark browser development webdev qa software windows) 	 	 		Drupal handbooks | drupal.org 		(tags: cms drupal open opensource php webdev programming) 	 	 		Server Switcher :: Firefox Add-ons 		(tags: firefox webdev) 	  Daily LinksLast night I was driving home and witnessed an accident. Oh man, what a mess! I was driving north on Sepulveda and blammo! I narrowly missed being involved in it -- I had to slam on my brakes or I'd have been right in it. I hung around late to give my statement to the LAFD and LAPD. The folks involved were pretty shaken up. I was too.

Much more I could write about that, but for now, no.Wreck Right In Front of Me 	 		JMeter - Apache JMeter 		load testing 		(tags: apache qa webdev opensource software) 	  Daily Links 	 		10 Quick Tips for an Easier CSS Life 		(tags: css webdev programming design) 	 	 		adamlogic  Metaprogramming JavaScript Presentation 		Very slick, very smart, inspirational. 		(tags: javascript programming webdev) 	 	 		API reference | Drupal API 		(tags: cms programming drupal webdev api) 	 	 		Code Craft  In software no good deed goes unpunished 		Wonderful post about writing code. memo to self: look up "cyclomatic" 		(tags: programming writing) 	 	 		Cyclomatic Complexity 		(tags: programming language qa) 	 	 		YUI Theater  Doug Geoffray: From the Mouth of a Screenreader  Yahoo! User Interface Blog 		(tags: accessibility video webdev) 	  Daily Links 	 		Lee's Journal: Spring City Home for Sale 		moving and real. 		(tags: blog utah) 	  Daily Links 	 		Sinfest by Tatsuya Ishida Tuesday 3rd April 		well i guess that covers it 		(tags: comics funny religion) 	  Daily Links 	 		Annoyances.org - Stop Windows from saving the thumbnail cache (THUMBS.DB) 		I hate Thumbs.db. Garbage files suck! 		(tags: windows howto) 	 	 		xkcd - A webcomic of romance, sarcasm, math, and language - By Randall Munroe 		funny roleplaying comic 		(tags: funny comics geek gaming) 	 	 		Human Computer Interaction in Science Fiction Movies 		(tags: hci scifi computer movies culture interface) 	 	 		Coding Horror: Pick a License, Any License 		(tags: opensource gpl programming copyright law software) 	 	 		Ajaxian  Pipes: A tech talk 		(tags: ajax dhtml tutorial) 	 	 		KATHY SIERRA: A storm in a teacup - Valleywag 		Well stated. 		(tags: blog culture) 	 	 		Ajax and XML: Five Ajax anti-patterns 		(tags: ajax webdev programming design) 	 	 		The Progress & Freedom Foundation Blog 		(tags: internet research kids culture health socialsoftware socialnetworking) 	  Daily Links 	 		Bill O'Reilly Loses His Damn Mind [Oliver Willis: Like Kryptonite To Stupid] 		(tags: media politics culture law) 	 	 		official band site for the noisettes | Home 		(tags: music culture) 	 	 		Philip Greenspuns Weblog  Four percent of great tech innovations are Band-Aids for viruses/spyware 		Greenspun points out exactly how stupid that list is. 		(tags: technology stupid) 	 	 		Ricardo Galli, de software libre  Security update, wp-cache 2.1.1 		(tags: security wordpress) 	 	 		Industry News: TMNT #1 Original Art Brings World Record Price 		(tags: via:waxy comics money culture) 	 	 		ASCII by Jason Scott: Warning! Amateur Night! 		All the worlds's a (amateur) stage 		(tags: culture opensource amateur media) 	 	 		If You Dont Use Del.icio.us, You Will Now 		firefox/delicious integration 		(tags: firefox tools software web) 	  Daily Links 	 		Microsoft is Dead 		Well, a sleeping giant, or maybe a doddering, zombie giant. 		(tags: apple microsoft google yahoo computer history te technology) 	 	 		MacTribe - Interview 		Audrey Kawasaki 		(tags: art artist illustration interview) 	 	 		YouTube - Dick Dale Interview 		Labels suck 		(tags: music business) 	 	 		Juxtapoz - Amy Sol Interview 		(tags: art artist illustration) 	 	 		amysol.com 		(tags: artist art illustration) 	 	 		audrey kawasaki 		intriguing art on wood 		(tags: artist illustration art) 	 	 		GameAlmighty.com - Guitar Hero Strategy Fundamentals 		(tags: games gaming howto music) 	 	 		William Gibson's Alien III script 		(tags: scifi writing cyberpunk) 	 	 		joshua's blog: lessons learned: autoincrement considered harmful 		(tags: database programming webdev) 	 	 		Viewing Japanese Prints: Ukiyo-e Introduction 		(tags: art japan culture history) 	  Daily Links 	 		apophenia: relationship performance in networked publics 		(tags: kids socialsoftware culture) 	 	 		Tropical SEO  Andy Hagans Ultimate Guide to Linkbaiting and Social Media Marketing 		slimy 		(tags: seo marketing webdev) 	 	 		Coding Horror: SEOs: the New Pornographers of the Web 		(tags: seo marketing webdev) 	 	 		Frederator Studios Blog 		Goofy: Tobacco Junkie cartoon 		(tags: animation funny culture history) 	 	 		Making Fiends 		Vendetta and Charlotte. And the Big Kitty! 		(tags: animation funny illustration art film) 	 	 		Cat and Girl: Repeater 		A.C.L. Woo! 		(tags: comics funny culture politics) 	 	 		Enoch Bolles,pin-up,pinup,GGA,flapper 		(tags: art pinup illustration) 	 	 		MagazineArt.org Home Page 		(tags: magazine history illustration design art) 	 	 		O'Reilly Radar > Google Launches MyMaps 		MyMaps allowed me to make a map of my life in about an hour. Something I've been meaning to do for years. 		(tags: maps google webdev) 	 	 		news from me - ARCHIVES - Johnny Hart, R.I.P. 		Mark Evanier writes about the controversial Johnny Hart 		(tags: comics obit) 	 	 		How to Write a Spelling Corrector 		(tags: programming python) 	  Daily Links
I got an eye exam recently. I have reading glasses coming my way in 7 to 10 business days. I have noticed in recent years my eyes get tireder when I read.
Still no new car. We need to rectify this and have been getting by with rentals. Time to do the deed. *
We need to be moved by the end of the month. Packing and moving sucks. *
Easter was lovely, no kids, but still lovely.
Work is great, thanks for asking.
Taxes, oh yes, taxes. Also on the to-do list. *
Laundry can be kind of fun with help.
I look silly in a bonnet. That's not really a shocker.
It's chilly the last few days. Hey! Weather! What gives?!?
Trail-riding on a bike is pretty fun. The bike I got is really not for off-roading though. It can do pebbles and streambeds okay, but anything that Mountain Bikers describe as "a little technical" ends up being more than it's suited for. But I can see that a beefier bike is likely in my distant future. First though, I need some shorts with the padding in back, dude. And a nice windbreaker.

*Three expensive things in one month sucks.Stray Data 	 		Mixed Computing: Stop Thumbs.db and .DS_Store files from Polluting Network Shares 		(tags: windows mac network howto) 	 	 		FreeStyle Street Basketball(TM) - QUICK START GUIDE 		how to play FreeStyle 		(tags: games gaming sports socialsoftware) 	 	 		Subterranean Press  Fiction: A Plain Tale from Our Hills by Bruce Sterling 		to read. 		(tags: scifi brucesterling cyberpunk) 	 	 		DHTML Site - Free 16x16 Icons 		(tags: graphics free freeware webdev opensource) 	 	 		PayPal Developer Central - Home 		For testing and debugging PayPal stuff 		(tags: api programming webdev software) 	  Daily Links 	 		Beyond the Beyond - Wired News: Reyner Banham Loved Los Angeles 		(tags: architecture history video) 	 	 		Google Operating System: ToDo List for Google Calendar 		(tags: firefox tools google calendar) 	 	 		JSON and Browser Security  Yahoo! User Interface Blog 		(tags: json javascript security webdev) 	 	 		Tubewad - Television Heat Vision and Jack: A Lesson in Absurd Brilliance 		(tags: video tv funny) 	 	 		MySQL Performance Blog 		(tags: database mysql programming howto) 	 	 		EJSChart - 100% Pure JavaScript Charting Solution 		(tags: visualization svg javascript library webdev) 	 	 		Digital Web Magazine - HTML5, XHTML2, and the Future of the Web 		(tags: html webstandards webdev) 	 	 		Windows XP: Get Started Using Remote Desktop 		(tags: microsoft windows security tools howto) 	 	 		Reyner Banham - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		(tags: architecture history design losangeles) 	 	 		apophenia: cyberbullying 		(tags: kids socialsoftware culture) 	 	 		apophenia: 5 secrets to success 		(tags: health work culture) 	 	 		Boomshine 		(tags: game flash fun) 	  Daily LinksMy feedreader has the remnants of his blog Raving Lunacy, and I mark the point where it is gone now. His last, and now deleted post was:
Wow from The Head Lemur
character assassination by image and psedonym
believe what you will
get some help
goodbye
I have to say, the whole Kathy Sierra thing is just the dumbest trainwreck of a series of events ever in blogging. Very very dumb.I miss the Head Lemur 	 		Is It Better to Buy or Rent? - New York Times 		very slick flash 		(tags: flash housing realestate money visualization) 	  Daily Links 	 		XEODesign: The 4 Fun Keys 		applied to Game Design and play 		(tags: games gaming hci socialsoftware psychology research interface play design business usability) 	 	 		heathervescent: Powerpoint Karaoke - The g33k way 		Presented with a random powerpoint presentation, can you narrate it effectively? 		(tags: funny geek presentation games) 	  Daily Links 	 		Pop!Tech - The Impact of Technology on People 		(tags: podcast future speech audio) 	  Daily LinksFrom my favorite geopolitical thinker, Thomas Barnett: NPR : The Middle East and U.S. Policy
And then in a more salient, how the world views us sort of way, I really argue that the Bush post-presidency began, for all practical purposes, with Katrina in New Orleans, when the world basically found out the double message of the Bush administration which is they cant do that kind of stuff abroad effectively, and guess what? They cant really do it at home very effectively.Post-Presidency 	 		P.O.V. - Tintin and I . On Cartooning . Chris Ware | PBS 		(tags: comics art interview) 	 	 		Susie Bright's Journal : Vargas in Drag 		(tags: art culture pinup history) 	 	 		William Gibson 		"THE GREAT CLOMPING FOOT OF NERDISM" 		(tags: culture writing scifi) 	 	 		White Lights Lead to Red Lights 		(tags: presentation webdev webstandards via:diveintomark) 	 	 		Open the Future: Metaverse Roadmap Report 		(tags: socialsoftware identity culture cyberpunk) 	 	 		Geek to Live: Complete, free Mac backup - Lifehacker 		(tags: freeware mac software howto) 	 	 		Embedding fonts  -- Version 8 		(tags: flash howto fonts) 	 	 		Opera Mini - Free Web Browser for your Mobile Phone 		I got this for my phone, and my boys and Leah have it to. Opera's mindshare in my family just quadrupled. Go Opera! 		(tags: freeware mobile browser webdev) 	 	 		Good Math, Bad Math : Strange Loops: Ken Thompson and the Self-referencing C Compiler 		(tags: programming recursion software unix) 	 	 		uncov / My Ajax Nightmare (ajax, dojo) 		so unbelievable it has to be true. 		(tags: ajax stupid funny sad) 	 	 		uncov, uncovering web2 		(tags: ajax funny blog web2.0 computer programming) 	 	 		Mutual exclusion - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		"mutex" 		(tags: programming) 	 	 		Vitamin Features  Serving JavaScript Fast 		(tags: javascript howto ajax webdev programming) 	 	 		Virginia Killer's Violent Writings - April 17, 2007 		From the smoking gun 		(tags: psychology research news virginia) 	 	 		Installing and Using Bad Behavior on WordPress - Homeland Stupidity 		(tags: wordpress software spam php) 	  Daily Links

The better to commute with, my dear! I really like this car.Kia Rio Rawketh. 	 		Plus Deck Cassette Converter 		(tags: computer audio hardware music cassette) 	  Daily LinksPassing along a neat promotion. If you're a stew/negro problem fan who can get to New York, check it out!



SEE PASSING STRANGE FOR JUST $35 AT THE PUBLIC THEATER!

SEE THE FIRST MUSICAL TO BE BORN OUT OF JOE'S PUB FOR AS LOW AS $35!*

(A Savings of over 40%)!

Limited Engagement Begins May 1st !

"A terrific show...a musical in the guise of a concert...pulsates with the sounds of pop, rock, funk, punk, gospel, folk and New Wave...Music that feels authentic-a rarity in this world of shiny, corporate musical theater."
-Oakland Tribune

PASSING STRANGE
Book and lyrics by STEW
Music by STEW &amp; HEIDI RODEWALD
Directed by and created in collaboration with ANNIE DORSEN
Movement Coordination by KAROLE ARMITAGE

Featuring de'Adre Aziza, Daniel Breaker, Eisa Davis, Colman Domingo, Chad Goodridge, Rebecca Jones, Stew

From Los Angeles to Amsterdam to Berlin and back, PASSING STRANGE takes musical theater on a whole new trip. From singer-songwriter and performance artist Stew comes PASSING STRANGE, a daring new musical that takes you on a journey across boundaries of place, identity, and theatrical convention. STEW, a popular performer at Joe's Pub, was commissioned by The Public to develop this moving and hilarious story of a young black bohemian in search of self and home who charts a course for "the real" through sex, drugs, and rock and roll. A co-production with Berkeley Repertory Theatre.

LISTEN AND DOWNLOAD MUSIC BY STEW:

* Stew - The Drug Suite (from The Naked Dutch Painter)
* Stew - Love Like That (from Something Deeper Than These Changes)

THREE EASY WAYS TO ORDER YOUR $35 TIX*:
1) CLICK HERE to order online, use promotion code PSGM01
2) Call 212-967-7555 from 10am-9pm, mention code PSGM01
3) Bring a printout of this email to The Public Theater Box Office at 425 Lafayette Street.

Box office hours are Sunday-Monday 1-6pm,
Tuesday-Saturday 1-7:30pm

*Conditions: *Black out dates may apply. Offer in not available on May 8 or May 10. Offer is subject to availability and prior sale; not valid on prior purchases; cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions. This offer may be revoked at any time. Performance schedule subject to change without notice. Limit 8 tickets per order. No refund or exchanges. Telephone and online orders are subject to standard service fees. Offer Expires 06/03/2007.

PERFORMANCE SCHEDULE:
Tuesday May 1 - Sunday June 3
Tuesday at 7pm
Wednesday - Friday at 8pm
Saturday at 2 &amp; 8pm
Sunday at 2 &amp; 7pm

Unavailable Dates: Tues May 8, Thurs May 10
No Performances: Sat May 5 at 2pm, Tues May 15
Post-show Discussions: Wed May 9, Tues May 22

Rush Tix
There will be a limited number of $20 Rush Tix available at the box office for every downtown theater performance on sale to the general public one hour prior to curtain. Limit 2 tickets per person. Cash only.

Student Tickets
$25 tickets are available for advance purchase at the box office for every downtown theater performance on sale to the general public. Must have a valid student ID at the time of purchase. Limit one ticket per person.

Full Price Waiting List Tickets
On the day of a sold out performance, we will take a waiting list for full price tickets in person at the box office. The waiting list will be called no earlier than 1/2 hour before curtain. If you are called and not in the lobby, your name will be removed from the list. While tickets occasionally become available in this manner, we are unable to make predictions or guarantees.

Generous support for Passing Strange is given by The New York State Music Fund, established by the New York State Attorney General at Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors.

The Public Theater and Berkeley Repertory Theatre gratefully acknowledge The National Endowment for the Arts for its support of this production. Passing Strange was developed with the help of the Sundance Theatre Lab, the Stanford Institute for Creativity in the Arts, the Multi-Arts Production Fund-a program of Creative Capital supported by The Rockefeller Foundation, and the Jonathan Larson Performing Arts Foundation.

The LuEsther T. Mertz Charitable Trust provides leadership support for The Public's year-round activities.

Bank of America is the proud Sponsor of the 2007 Season of Shakespeare in the Park.

Time Warner is the Supporting Sponsor of The Public's 2006-2007 season. Leadership support is provided by Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman and Carole Shorenstein Hays. We are also deeply grateful to The Doris Duke Charitable Foundation for its leadership commitment to The Public Theater's Endowment Fund in support of new work.

Major support is provided by The Shubert Foundation, The Ford Foundation, The Carnegie Corporation of New York, The George T. Delacorte Fund at the New York Community Trust-Fund for Performances at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park, Warren Spector and Margaret Whitton and The Starr Foundation. Pepsi is the official beverage sponsor of The Public Theater.

Additional generous support is provided by Debra and Leon Black, Bloomberg, The Horace W. Goldsmith Foundation, The Susan Stein Shiva Foundation, The Harold and Mimi Steinberg Charitable Trust, Titan Worldwide, The New York Times, New York Public Radio-WNYC and Google Book Search. Public support is provided by the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs and the New York State Council on the Arts, a state agency. Continental Airlines is the official airline of The Public Theater.Passing Strange - DiscountedLast weekend we engaged in some nostalgia for the kids, taking them to a park they used to play in, oh, 8 years ago. It was fun watching and hearing them talk about that time. A blessing, really. They look great. I like how they seem a little tentative here. Are they thinking "you can never go back again?" -- or merely "Mom, please stop taking our picture!"

Nostalgic Kids

What's a Mii?Mii for Me 	 		F5 Networks - Firewall Load Balancing Tutorial 		nice primer on load balancing 		(tags: webdev tools) 	  Daily LinksThomas PM Barnett remains my favorite geopolitical thinker. Embedded in his talk (downloadable as a Podcast) from Pop!Tech is a short talk on Iran. He makes a metaphor about Iran that feels very true, and with that short metaphor explains their desire for nuclear weapons:
Two thirds of the oil that comes out of the Straits of Hormuz goes east, not west. America takes about 15% of the oil. In 20 years we're going to take about 10% of the Oil. Asia will take 80%. So it's basically their oil, our blood. And they know it, and they don't like to have that conversation. Three key players in this instance. Iran is the avis of oil and gas. It has two new big friends: China and India. We are not going to successfully isolate Iran under any circumstances. In fact, Iran is the key to making stability come about in the Middle East. They can effectively veto our efforts throughout the region. They have reached for the bomb, go figure! I walk up to a park bench -- three guys sitting on a park bench -- I shoot the guy sitting on the right through the forehead -- I double tap the guy on the left -- in the meantime the guy sitting in the middle reaches for a weapon. I ask you: is he irrational? [pause, crowd laughs] Or did I make that choice for him?! Is Iran irrational? Can it be deterred? I think it's pretty clever. And I think we just got a demonstration of how clever they were, and are in Lebanon. A preemptive strike, very deftly waged. All the reasons why Nixon wanted Iran as a regional security partner are still there. They are Persian, not Arab. They lead the Shia world, not the Sunni, and Al Queda, and the global Salafi Jihadist movement is exclusively Sunni. So I look at Iran, and I see late Brezhnevian Soviet Union, a country ripe for the soft kill of connectivity. It's the one country in the region where the people like us; and it's the government that hates us.
The whole thing is worth watching. More about Tom.Iran: "I ask you, is he irrational?"I've known for years that (my hero) Frank Zappa had appeared on 1980s tv show Miami Vice. Until this morning, I had never seen anything from that show. Thanks to YouTube, I can enjoy it in all it's (terrible) glory:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rjg6lDWMR9YZappa on Miami ViceSpectacles were invented in the 13th century. In the year of our Lord, 2007 -- yesterday, in fact, I received  a pair of eyeglasses which I will attempt to wear for reading and otherwise. I am 37 years old. Dr. Kubota, the Japanese-American eye doctor I went to was most professional. I really liked the Maneki Neko cat statue she had in her front office. I found it comforting. She even offered retinal scans if I wanted them. I'm still unsure what the diagnostic benefit would be. I'm merely happy to have something to reduce my eyestrain and make it possible for me to read for a longer period of time before my eyes are tired and I flop asleep, or am forced to stop. It's had an impact and I've considered getting my eyes tested for several years. Fear of aging, I suppose, kept me away from finding out whether I really needed anything to help with my vision.

Eyes are a big theme in Blade Runner. Aging and death too. "Accelerated decrepitude" is what Sebastian has.

So what Dr. Kubota told me if I drove a truck for a living my eyes would have gotten bad in about another ten years. Quite literally, my job made my eyes worse.

Mamas don't let your babies grow up to be web developers.

I'm okay with glasses. It's the kind of identity hack I'm pleased to try out. I remember a class I had in High School -- I answered to "Art" as my name in that class. It's my middle name, and it was almost entirely people not from my own grade (I was a senior at the time). I liked exploring this other person.

In my twenties, I grew my hair very long, and sported a full beard or goatee. This was an effort to not look so babyfaced, and to be somewhat fearsome. A friend of mine recalls being asked who "that scary guy" was with him. That still makes me smile. Not that I wanted to look scary, but it was a shift from the "new kid", the chubby kid that was my identity growing up.

Now of course I am older and wiser and to some extent people recognize me for more than my appearance. But like I said, I like the notion of the glasses. Here I am this morning, half awake, with the device that takes photographs and can transmit them, via the global communications network, to anywhere on the planet.

My friend Chris pointed out that here we are in 2007, the year that the TV miniseries Wild Palms was set in.

I just do eyes. Genetic design, just eyes.

It's really okay, aging. I kind of like it, and I'm glad of the fact that I do have some measure of control over the process. Not total control of course, I could come up with a cancer any day. But the means are there to wrest fleeting control over inevitability. This is a comfort I am learning, slowly, to take advantage of.

If only you could see what I've seen with your eyes.

It's no surprise that futurity is what's on my mind these days. I'm feeling much more like a father than ever before. I am a breadwinner in ways I never previously understood. I'm getting right with the universe and I think I have a slippery handle on what it means to be a spouse. What the twentysomething version of myself would make of where I am now, I have no idea. But Me, now, thinks the twentysomething me has some pretty screwed up priorities relationship-wise. I'd love to tell that kid it's alright. But such time travel is not in the offing, as Napoleon Dynamite showed us, I suppose.

The 17 year old version of me was obsessed with Blade Runner. The current me really likes Blade Runner too. But I think Children of Men must join it on the shelf of my brain when I think about possible futures. 20 years ago me would marvel at the machine I'm typing this on: I can look at music and movies, I can photomanipulate images in a way Soviet autocrats would salivate over. I can instantly talk with people on any continent I choose. I own a device that is basically a Star Trek communicator. I can contact anyone on the planet with a similar device, and more, I can play electronic games on it that in 1987 were housed in cabinets the size of a refrigerator. If I choose I can send email directly to some of my heroes: particularly Bruce Sterling, but I see this as no big deal. The world is at once small, and yet vast in scope. The apocalyptic thinking of my 17 year old self would be satisfied by terrorism and chaos the world over. He would be shocked to learn that the Soviet Union no longer existed. He would be shocked to know that no nukes were fired in anger before the year 2000. I know, because I lost that bet with Chris. The bet from the 1980s was that a nuclear device would be used in anger before the 21st century. I was right, but I missed the point, right? The world is scary in different ways. I think too, that my young self would be shocked to hear that I had been divorced, ever. I was convinced that this would never happen to me. I think I'd be shocked to hear how much the Star Wars prequels basically stank. I would marvel at things like Google Earth and Wikipedia. I'd marvel at the fact that the person with whom I had associated eyeglasses with the most in my life, my father, no longer wore them because yet another eye doctor had used a laser ( a laser! how much more science fictional could you get in 1987?!?) to alter the shape of his eyeballs such that his vision was corrected surgically.

My having eyeglasses is a kind of reversal, maybe. "My boy, was just like me" indeed.

I'm not sure what any of all of this means, other than it's early, I'm tired, and feeling a bit philosophical about these new glasses, which feel pretty good.

It's a brand new day y'all. And without further ado, let me say, onward.Accelerated Decrepitude: Reading Glasses 	 		Moon Zappa 		(tags: zappa books writing artist) 	 	 		Ahmet Zappa - Mighty McFearless 		(tags: zappa books kids) 	 	 		Diva Zappa - Hand Made Beauty 		(tags: zappa crafts) 	 	 		Apple - iTunes - iTunes Store - Podcasts - Technical Specification 		(tags: music mp3 podcast howto video syndication) 	 	 		Turning Projects Into Revenue Generating Businesses @ SXSW 		south by southwest festivals + conferences 		(tags: howto podcast webdev business) 	  Daily Links
Necessary silliness of the day:
Juuke!

eyeglasses, earbuds, web browser, programming tools.@Work 	 		MetroRiderLA  San Diego Car-Free 		this would make a good post to sandiegoblog, but i haven't the time 		(tags: transportation sandiego california) 	 	 		I Dont Care What the Judge Said! by Joel Turtel 		libertarian political allegory 		(tags: drugs government history law activism propaganda) 	  Daily Links

For DevonEbert: We spend too much time hiding illness :: CHICAGO SUN-TIMES :: Metro &amp; Tri-State
I have received a lot of advice that I should not attend the festival. Im told that paparazzi will take unflattering pictures, people will be unkind, etc.Frankly, my dear, I dont give a damn. As a journalist I can take it as well as dish it out.I love Roger EbertFred Fish - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Fred Fish died at his home in Idaho on Friday April 20, 2007 at the age of 54

I was free software before free software was cool. 20 years ago, we all were.

Fred Fish, R.I.P. 	 		jwz - Night Flight 		Night Flight really was awesome. 		(tags: culture tv 1980s) 	 	 		MAKIBISHI COMIC 		intriguing 		(tags: comics game flash illustration japan) 	 	 		Panic - Coda - One-Window Web Development for Mac OS X 		(tags: mac webdev software) 	 	 		Mohawke's Best of the Best Free and Open Source Software Collection: Mac OS X and Windows software Collection 		(tags: software opensource) 	 	 		Hack Attack: Control multiple computers with a single keyboard and mouse - Lifehacker 		(tags: howto computer mac windows opensource tutorial) 	 	 		How to Build a Perfect Credit Score Quickly 		(tags: money howto) 	 	 		jslibs - Google Code 		(tags: javascript tutorial webdev programming) 	 	 		DHTML Site - 10 Free CSS and Javascript Calendars 		(tags: calendar javascript webdev) 	 	 		Frederator Studios Blog 		Brian Denham works in illustrator to make comics. 		(tags: illustration comics) 	 	 		Cold, Hard Flash: John K's Guide to Surviving the End of Television: Flash animation news and links 		(tags: animation flash video futurism illustration advertising) 	 	 		Google Analytics Help Center :Technical Details - Does Google Analytics have a pageview limit? 		5 million pageviews is the limit for a free google analytics account. 		(tags: google visualization analytics webdev) 	 	 		Learn how to slice your templates into fully standards compliant XHTML and CSS! 		(tags: css webdev html howto tutorial) 	 	 		google-mysql-tools - Google Code 		(tags: mysql google opensource software) 	 	 		The Complete Javascript Strings Reference 		(tags: javascript programming reference webdev) 	 	 		Jesse England JEMOF: England Printed Film Process 		making super 8 with an inkjet printer. that's wacky! 		(tags: art film printing movies video) 	 	 		SoundManager 2: Javascript Sound for the Web 		(tags: sound javascript api opensource webdev programming) 	 	 		Sorry, Wrong Number: McCloud Abandons Micropayments. Many-to-Many: 		Clay Shirky gloats a little. I found McCloud's argument compelling, but Clay is right here. 		(tags: money comics web economics ecommerce) 	  Daily Links 	 		Vimeo / Lip Dub - Flagpole Sitta by Harvey Danger 		fun workplace lip sync. 		(tags: music video funny) 	 	 		BattleBricks: WiigoBot, The Perfect Game 		someone built a robot to play wii sports bowling perfectly. 		(tags: robots wii gaming programming) 	 	 		Next Generation - Interactive Entertainment Today, Video Game and Industry News - Casual's Wild Ride 		(tags: gaming business) 	 	 		foto_decadent: Vogue Italia | The Greatest Show on Earth | Steven Meisel 		beautiful set of photos 		(tags: photos art fashion) 	 	 		Recognizing Deven: Episode 26 - India grows up 		Fascinating story of a dual-officed company changing strategy as conditions change in India 		(tags: outsourcing business economics software) 	  Daily Links
This weekend we are:
Moving to Moorpark
Please begin transmitting positive energies our way NOW.
Thanks,
JoeMoving to Moorpark 	 		Impressive Style Editor for MySpace 		(tags: css design editor myspace) 	 	 		Translations of My hovercraft is full of eels in many languages 		"Mi aerodeslizador est lleno de anguilas" 		(tags: language funny internationalization reference) 	 	 		The Joel on Software Discussion Group - On software development, "rock stars", and interviewing... 		Performance vs. Knowledge. 		(tags: software development employment) 	 	 		Ajaxian  jscsscomp: JavaScript and CSS files compressor 		(tags: php javascript css tools programming webdev) 	  Daily LinksWe're so moving. Anyone want to buy this lovely WebSanDiego Banner? Own a piece of history!



eBay: WebSanDiego.org Banner (item 160111743932 end time May-05-07 12:20:52 PDT)For Auction on eBay: WebSanDiego.org BannerOK: MOVING SUCKS.Gimme some truth, JoeMove complete.

Stay tuned for more data.On-The-Scene Agents ReportIn situ refers to an object or living being found" in the place where it lives. It's about finding the thing in the context where it lives.

As I leech bandwidth from one of my unknowingly-generous neighbors, I ponder the fact that what we learn about an object depends on the context in which we find it. Our understanding is enhanced, and more accurate when we find things in situ.

Am I currently in situ? I am. Over the weekend, I was not. We were in two houses. With items thither and yon. Sunday and Monday the move was accomplished. Items: Boxes produred, truck was rented, toilet stopped up, bunk beds disassembled, music played loud, fast-food breakfast eaten, strapping tape utilized, bubble wrap popped, furniture moved, war cries of young men who saw 300 called out, backs ached, new roses evaluated for "fun" trimming, frightening three point turns made, boxes placed, baskteball hoop FreeCycled, smaller living room filled with furniture, new neighbors introduced, Outback steaks offered as compensation to hardworking kids, collapsing in a heap parents, new smells in new house "appreciated," refridgerator disposed of, run to the Simi landfill made, rental truck returned, trip to Goodwill made, backyard swing FreeCycled, work commuted to, cleaning and more cleaning done, second phase of crap transported, house emptied, plumber called for a leak, final walkthrough done, keys returned, and the deal is done.

And now we live in Moorpark, mere blocks away from the kids' Dad and Stepmom. It's really awesome. Al dropped by at random yesterday. This ease is new. It's the bold experiment called "joint custody" and I think it portends great things. My commute is only ten minutes longer, I have easier access to interesting bike paths along the stream that flows through Moorpark, I'm in striking distance of Amtrak and Metrolink, moderately closer to Moorpark college.

The place is about the same rent-wise as we paid in the last place. Our goal was to drop our rent 20% or so. Well, no. Not a realistic possibility. With four kids, we'd have to be in an apartment with 2 bedrooms or three in cramped quarters. Now, we're cramped in this new 3 bedroom, 2 1/2 bath place -- but it feels homey as well. It's a new discipline for us, to live in less space. The last two years in a 4+2-1/2 were great and right for the time, but less space will work for us now. It's a grand new adventure and this new setup changes what it means for us to be "in situ."Non In Situ / In SutuSo actually, since my time to getting on the freeway is slightly less in the morning, it looks like my commute to Sierra is basically the same. This is pretty darn great. It's an hour or so, hour fifteen in the morning.

The real new "commute" time is the time to drive the kids to their Dad's, and that number is a scant 2 minutes. Left the driveway at 9:43 PM according to the dashboard clock, arrived at the other place just as the clock ticked over to 9:45 PM. This was not in a rush. If I were to ignore traffic laws I bet I could do it in a minute flat. It's a terrible idea though, there are stop signs and left turns and stoplights, depending on the way you go. Let's say it's 3 minutes plus or minus 1.

The money we save on gas for shuttling kids around should be significant. Kids who can't drive need amazing amounts of shuttling and taxiing. There's after school academic projects, plus athletic practices, plus playdates, etc. etc. Being where the kids be at is a new revolution and we're not quite sure what it means, but I think I said before, it's a radical and wonderful and maybe a little scary development. I'm insulated from much of it since I'm at work during the day, but even I get pressed, happily, into service when I get home. It's kind of fun, actually.New Commute Times


Blog Law  12 Important U.S. Laws Every Blogger Needs to Know
(tags: legal blogging government us)


IE7Pro - An Ultimate Add-On for Internet Explorer 7
via Greg's Cool Thing OTD. Seems potentially useful.
(tags: browser msie tools)


Peter Van Dijcks Guide to Ease  Blog Archive  A bunch of presentations on scaling websites: twitter, Flickr, Bloglines, Vox and more.
(tags: webdev programming socialsoftware sca scalability)


memcached: a distributed memory object caching system
(tags: programming scalability)


PHP regular expressions examples
(tags: php programming howto)


IT Manager's Journal :: Introduction to UML
(tags: uml programming tutorial)


Trace Modeler - A Quick Introduction to UML Sequence Diagrams
(tags: uml programming tutorial)
The Internet of Things: What is a Spime and why is it useful? - Google Video
(tags: brucesterling ubicomp video futurism future cyberpunk design)


What happens in Quirks Mode in web browsers?
(tags: webdev css html design browser)


iconfinder.net - Worlds largest icon search engine
(tags: graphics webdev opensource design)

Daily Links
village voice &gt; art &gt; The Negro Problems Stew Brings His Indie Musical to the Public Theater by David Ng
Ask Stews fans to describe his music and youll likely get a more complete account of his repertoire: cabaret, the blues, soul, punk, funk, r&amp;b, jazz, even gospel.

Recently, the eclectic performer added another genre to his rsum: musical theater. His new autobiographical show, Passing Strange, starts previews this week at the Public Theater and features an original score with close to 20 songs.Village Voice on Passing StrangeCheapest in town:


There's a lot of other stuff going on. The universe once again conspires to keep monies owed us out of our hands. Why are Changes of Address so pokey? Oi!

Lots of work right now, I worked this weekend, and more work this week as always. I'm looking forward to the abundance as a result of this.

My wish for you and for all is for serenity.Good Morning MondayI've never felt so well served by a random recruitment email:
Hi &#60;First Name&#62;,

HUGE OPPORTUNITY WITH OUTSTANDING  START-UP. MASSIVE FUNDS &amp; OVERWHELMING GROWTH FOR RIGHT  ENGINEER.

REQUIRED: AJAX, DHTML, JAVASCRIPT,  CSS, JAVE &amp; OO DESIGN.

I have fantastic  job opportunity to tell you about. Below is a detailed job description. Please  review and let me know why you are a great person for this. I want to be able to  show your strengths to Hiring Manager for this job. Also, I need your resume as  a word document. We have to move quickly. Company is hiring within  week for PERFECT ENGINEER.

Call me asap. Thanks &amp; have a great  day!!Hi [First Name] 	 		CacheExclude | drupal.org 		Exclude individual urls from the cache (to allow for executing PHP code pages fresh) 		(tags: drupal performance webdev) 	  Daily LinksI will update this post later, but today this video for Black Men Ski by Stew and Heidi has made me pretty ecstatic. Look for a longer post and transcribed lyrics when I have some time to spare. Right now, I don't!


Black men go to Aspen and rent colorful chalets
Giggle at the questions their mere presence seems to raise
Get taken for men we don't resemble in the least
(Are you?...)
(No)
It's a winter wonderland in the belly of the beast
And black men ski
Black men ski
Black men send back sushi with a scorned Yakuza's flair
We make postmodern art with bacon grease and hot combed hair
We secretly play Beethoven inside our bass-mobiles
We can tell you how cool looks, but cannot show you how it feels

When black men ski
When black men ski

Black men now are students of gay sensibility
We wear ironic t-shirts drenched in code unknown to thee
We get baptized in Walden pond amongst a searing mob
Because the cleansing blood of Jesus could not do a Thoreau job

Black men ski
Black men ski

Chinese guys can jump real high and Germans cook soul food
White boys rap and hippies nap up their dreads to look rude
Jazz is now suburban, it's Marsalis-ly clean
And now we've got Viagra everyone's a sex machine

So black men ski
(What else can we do?)
Black men ski
Black men ski
Black men ski

Some kids i'll describe as friends say I am race-obsessed
The luxury of your opinion shows you that you are blessed
I have poems about sunsets, flowers and the rain
I've read them to policemen, but it was all in vain

So black men ski
Black men ski
Elegantly!
Black men ski
Black men ski





Black Men SkiBig Launch today and tomorrow at the contract gig.

Mother's Day was good.

There's a bird in the house.

Money stresses.

My sister get's her Master's this weekend, I'll be attending.

Stepfatherhood evolves.

New car running good.

Still fridge-less.

Ubuntu installed and cool, machine still underpowered.

Much more another time.

Rockonward.Huge Launch 	 		Download details: Internet Explorer Developer Toolbar 		(tags: msie tools webdev) 	 	 		On having layout  the concept of hasLayout in IE/Win 		(tags: msie css programming webdev javascript) 	  Daily Links 	 		Passing Strange - Theater - Review - New York Times 		(tags: stew theater music negroproblem) 	 	 		Strange Indeed  InnerContinental 		(tags: stew music theater negroproblem) 	 	 		Memory leak patterns in JavaScript 		(tags: javascript programming webdev) 	 	 		Craftzine.com blog: Trade a Craft 		Nice mention of Leah's Craft site on Craftzine. 		(tags: leahpeah crafts cute) 	 	 		Rock musical's a timeless tale - Newsday.com 		(tags: negroproblem stew theater music) 	 	 		Look for `The Real' in `Passing Strange' 		AP story about Passing Strange 		(tags: negroproblem stew music theater) 	 	 		Passing Strange: review on TheaterMania.com 		(tags: theater music stew negroproblem) 	 	 		A Long, Strange Trip - May 15, 2007 - The New York Sun 		(tags: theater music stew negroproblem) 	 	 		Freestyle Street Basketball (pc: 2007): Reviews 		From Metacritic 		(tags: games gaming) 	 	 		JPG Magazine: Stories: Interview: On Assignment with Nick Nichols 		(tags: leahpeah photography art) 	 	 		Videogames Turn 40 Years Old from 1UP.com 		(tags: games history gaming programming culture) 	 	 		Star of David Pattern on Vans Shoes 		Dev repeated this rumor to me as fact last weekend. Debunked. 		(tags: religion hoax rumor judaism) 	 	 		ForwardTrack by Eyebeam R&D 		(tags: advertising marketing business activism php tools webdev socialsoftware) 	 	 		8020 Publishing Blog: Derek's Departure 		No mention of Heather Champ, making the rounds is this story. Fascinating, dramatic, etc. 		(tags: magazine publishing photography) 	  Daily Links 	 		Welcome to Passing Strange 		An official site for Stew & Heidi's groundbreaking play/theater piece! 		(tags: stew negroproblem theater music) 	 	 		salary vs performance | ben fry 		excellent java applet using Processing to visualize baseball team expenses and results 		(tags: visualization economics business programming sports) 	 	 		YUI Theater  Victor Tsaran: Introduction to Screen Readers  Yahoo! User Interface Blog 		(tags: accessibility video webdev usability) 	 	 		www.plainlydressed.com 		I could dress like this 		(tags: clothing fashion religion shopping) 	 	 		instructables : Han Solo in carbonite chocolate bar... 		(tags: starwars funny food) 	 	 		Sinfest: Cheer up, Emo Christ 		funny and only slightly sacrilegious 		(tags: religion christianity buddhism funny comics) 	 	 		cemetery screenings 		(tags: film fun losangeles movies events) 	 	 		Interviews with Usability Pundits 		(tags: hci interview usability interface design podcast) 	 	 		Coding Horror: JavaScript: The Lingua Franca of the Web 		That's the reason I love JavaScript. It's an underdog language that's critical to how stuff gets done. 		(tags: javascript programming webdev opinion) 	  Daily Links 	 		YUI Theater  Douglas Crockford: "Quality"  Yahoo! User Interface Blog 		(tags: programming history development webdev) 	 	 		My Interview with LeahPeah  In the Air 		(tags: interview leahpeah) 	 	 		all kinds of stuff: WALLY VS UPA PART 2 - Skilled Cartoonists Take Their Skills For Granted 		(tags: animation history) 	 	 		Cartoon Brew: Leading the Animation Conversation  Rare SNAFU/Wartime Animation Art Found 		(tags: animation history war funny) 	 	 		High Studio, Art and Dance Studio, Moorpark, California 		a teeny pocket of culture! 		(tags: moorpark art dance culture) 	 	 		High Studio plans a variety of art exhbits 		(tags: event art moorpark) 	  Daily Links 	 		Web 2.0 Asia :: Even the premier Valley VCs are looking at Korean online games 		(tags: gaming business korea socialsoftware) 	  Daily Links 	 		Freestyle Basketball reviewed on Maxim Online 		(tags: sports games gaming sierraonline) 	 	 		FreeStyle Street Basketball (PC) Review at JustPressPlay - Game, Movie & Music Reviews 		(tags: sports games gaming sierraonline) 	 	 		SHARE! Self-Help Recovery and Exchange 310-305-8878 		(tags: losangeles health) 	  Daily Links 	 		Speaking To You Somewhat At Length | Fiddley Gomme 		(tags: lds mormon history culture) 	 	 		Mount Timpanogos - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		(tags: geography utah) 	 	 		Google Gears API Developer's Guide - Home 		(tags: google api browser programming webdev) 	 	 		Google Gears in Context - Browser Gets a Boost From Google 		(tags: google api browser programming webdev) 	 	 		Google Gears (BETA) 		(tags: google api browser programming webdev) 	 	 		Google Gears API Blog: Going offline with Google Gears 		(tags: google api browser programming webdev) 	 	 		eriks weblog  Blog Archive  More Gears 		(tags: google api browser programming webdev) 	 	 		Water Cooler Games - The New York Times Publishes Our Newsgames 		(tags: gaming game visualization media news via:waxy) 	 	 		An Introduction to Lagrange Multipliers 		(tags: math teaching tutorial physics) 	 	 		LA Angst 		(tags: blogging losangeles leahpeah writing event) 	 	 		LA Bloggers Live! 		(tags: blogging losangeles leahpeah writing event) 	 	 		Combat/Operational Stress Control Conference 		(tags: health war) 	 	 		Thyroid.org: Patient Support Organizations 		(tags: health thyroid) 	 	 		Thyroid Federation International - To Thyroid Patients 		(tags: health thyroid) 	 	 		Armour Thyroid Official Site 		(tags: health thyroid) 	 	 		Matrix of Signs and Symptoms of low adrenal and thyroid function 		(tags: health thyroid) 	 	 		Stop The Thyroid Madness  Index Page 		(tags: thyroid health) 	 	 		Vergil. 190914. neid. Vol. 13. The Harvard Classics 		I'm listening to a class on the Aeneid on my commute these days. Fascinating stuff. 		(tags: poetry history) 	 	 		Six ways to write more comprehensible code 		(tags: programming design development) 	 	 		Label Placement in Forms :: UXmatters 		(tags: accessibility usability webdev programming hci) 	 	 		Mac2Sell - Guide to used Mac - Evaluation - Argus Mac Occasion 		(tags: macintosh hardware reference) 	  Daily Links
The Choice Is Simple 	 		Coquette: Coquette in Lab Magazine 		(tags: leahpeah magazine interview) 	 	 		Travelling Cross-Country by Train. 		Funny commentary. I love trains 		(tags: transportation transport travel funny) 	 	 		Out of Eight PC Game Reviews: FreeStyle Street Basketball Review 		(tags: sierraonline game gaming) 	 	 		FreeStyle Street Basketball for PC - FreeStyle Street Basketball PC Game - FreeStyle Street Basketball Computer Game 		(tags: sierraonline game gaming) 	 	 		brianstorms weblog: My Question to McCain 		(tags: history politics war) 	 	 		Articles tagged with: weight-loss (DeepFitness.com) 		(tags: health) 	 	 		stew sez  regarding blogs 		I'm always curious about what stew had for breakfast, personally. hehe. 		(tags: negroproblem stew blogging) 	  Daily Links 	 		The Impact of Emerging Technologies: Media Viewer 		Bruce Sterling on design 		(tags: bruce brucesterling design futurism scifi) 	  Daily LinksLot going on. My Mom's in the hospital with a stroke and they're still figuring all that out.

Take care and at some point I'll update here.

Thanks for reading. Sorry for the brevity.Quiet 	 		Young American: The Theatre: The New Yorker 		Passing Strange reviewed in the New Yorker 		(tags: stew negroproblem theater art) 	  Daily Links 	 		Jesus and Mo  Archive  holy 		That *is* nuts 		(tags: religion funny macintosh) 	 	 		YUI Theater: Douglas Crockford  JavaScript: The Good Parts  Yahoo! User Interface Blog 		My favorite pundit on JavaScript: why JavaScript is awesome, well the good parts are? 		(tags: javascript programming video webdev) 	 	 		Molly Crabapple Illustration 		(tags: art illustration artist comics) 	  Daily Links 	 		blog.pmarca.com: Analyzing the Facebook Platform, three weeks in 		Interesting analysis from Marc Andreesen. And I thought that dude was washed up! 		(tags: webdev programming socialsoftware socialnetworking scalability) 	 	 		Airbrush A Person - Tutorial Dash 		(tags: howto photoshop photography tutorial graphics) 	 	 		blog.pmarca.com: How to hire the best people you've ever worked with 		(tags: programming recruiting) 	 	 		Weblog Tools Collection  Blog Archive  Global Variables and the WordPress Loop 		(tags: wordpress webdev programming) 	 	 		Best MySpace Layouts That Dont Look Like MySpace At All 		(tags: myspace socialnetworking socialsoftware css webdev) 	 	 		Think Progress  OReilly Defends His Lack Of Iraq Coverage: Explosions In Iraq Dont Mean Anything 		(tags: media politics war iraq) 	  Daily LinksThanks for all the well wishes, all. Heres the latest on my Moms diagnosis. The stroke turns out to have been the thing to point out whats really going on, and thats Stage 4 cancer of the Kidney. I will be traveling to Virginia next month some time to assist where I can during her chemo.

When I last spoke to my sister she mentioned Mom has Christian, Catholic, New Age prayers going. My father added that she also had agnostic prayers going. I mentioned the kids and the Robertss were also praying, so add Mormon prayers to that mix. Thanks all!

This is my sisters last update (from 3 days ago now)

Hello Family,
Mom is recovering from her stroke at lightning speed. She is looking great and is progressing neurologically as the swelling in her brain goes down. The waver in her left-hand is much less pronounced today than it was yesterday and the strength in her left leg is much, much better. She can walk unassisted and was even dancing in her room when dad came to see her this morning.

The bad news is that the doctors have determined that mom has Stage 4 Renal Carcinoma, i.e. kidney cancer. She has a 7cm tumor on one of her kidneys that has metastasized and spread in a small area on one of her lungs. The doctors have also determined that it was a metastasis that traveled from the kidney to the brain stem that created the bleed that caused the stroke. The team of doctors who are working on moms treatment have devised a plan that involves a new chemotherapy drug to rid her body of the carcinoma in the kidney and the metastasis in her lung as well as more specialized and highly advanced, surgical technique to rid moms brain stem of the metastases that they think is there.

While the above diagnosis sounds bleak, the prognosis of moms treatment is really quite hopeful. The urologist has determined that moms survival from renal cancer is better than excellent based on a chart that predicts the outcome of patient survival depending on factors such as kidney functioning, diabetes, obesity, and smoking habits to name a few. Mom doesnt have any of these things working against her and so, as Dad says, mom is way off the charts, in the 96th/99th percentile, and is going to blow them out of the water. In summary, if there is one person who can beat kidney cancer its going to be mom.

Moms spirits are high and has her head in the game. She said to us this morning that shes done crying and has put on her big boxing gloves on and is ready to win this fight. She says its not going to go twelve rounds, but rather it will be like the Joe Louis and Max Schmelings fight. Not losing the first flight, but a fight that is only going two rounds.

The road ahead is going to be tough. However, mom has a great support structure from her friends and family. She is highly networked here in the community and I am overwhelmed by everyone who has come out to rally around and pray for mom. Thanks so much to all who have called or sent emails. It has made all the difference in her morale and the flowers you have sent have made a virtual garden in her room. My father is being my moms greatest advocate for mom and is getting the best doctors and nurses on board for moms care.Update on My Mom 	 		macosxhints.com - Use iTunes' Copy to Play Order to control iPod song order 		I didn't realize this was there. Invaluable for my shuffle. 		(tags: ipod music howto) 	 	 		The creepy populism surrounding Paris Hilton and Scooter Libby. - By Christopher Hitchens - Slate Magazine 		(tags: culture media news celebrity) 	 	 		YouTube - Turk does Poison (Scrubs) 		(tags: funny humor video culture music) 	 	 		SCIFI.COM | Battlestar Galactica 		Ron Moore loves the ending of Sopranos. 		(tags: culture tv writing scifi fiction) 	 	 		iLike Team Blog: Holy cow... 6mm users and growing 300k/day! 		(tags: business music scalability socialnetworking socialsoftware webdev) 	 	 		San Jose Mercury News - Ranger: Bay Area teen seriously injured faking fall for a MySpace.com photo 		Dude, PHOTOSHOP! 		(tags: via:fark funny sad) 	 	 		John Ridley: Missing White Girl Syndrome Ends Here - Media on The Huffington Post 		(tags: culture media racism) 	 	 		Welcome to the House Of Secrets 		I'm toying with comics in my head again. Something old, something new. 		(tags: comics burbank) 	 	 		Old Revolutions Good, New Revolutions Bad: A Response to Gorman. Many-to-Many: 		New Clay Shirky article 		(tags: shirky culture history wikipedia socialsoftware) 	 	 		IE NetRenderer - Browser Compatibility Check - 		whoa that is useful! 		(tags: msie browser webdev design graphics css) 	 	 		YouTube - Guitar Hero 2 Rush YYZ on Expert 		Silly. Talented. 		(tags: funny game gaming video) 	 	 		131 - US States Renamed For Countries With Similar GDPs  strange maps 		interesting 		(tags: visualization via:kottke geography economics maps politics) 	 	 		A Scanner and a Mission: An Interview with Paul Ford: Voice: AIGA Journal of Design: Writing: AIGA 		(tags: via:kottke publishing media history journalism magazine) 	 	 		Archinect - Making Architecture More Connected (since 1997) 		(tags: architecture culture art) 	 	 		GigaOM Desktop Tower of Money: 3 tips to profit from casual games  		Inspirational 		(tags: game gaming games busines programming technology advertising webdev) 	 	 		No divided loyalties, no permanent friends (Thomas P.M. Barnett :: Weblog) 		Excellent, excellent, excellent defense of thinking critically about our political friends in the world. 		(tags: politics war history culture) 	 	 		IntelliAdmin.com: Show hidden software in Add/Remove programs 		via Greg's Cool * of the Day 		(tags: windows howto) 	 	 		Official Google Webmaster Central Blog: More details about our webmaster guidelines 		Straight from the horse's mouth 		(tags: google webdev) 	 	 		Media Convert vx2.com - free and on line - convert and split sound, ringtones, images, docs - MP3 WMV 3GP AMR FLV SWF AMV MOV WMA AVI MPG MP4 DivX MPEG4 iPOD PSP OGG WMA AAC MP4 MPC MMF QCP KAR MIDI REALAUDIO FLAC JPG PSD DOC PDF RTF TXT ODG ODP ODS ODT S 		(tags: tools video) 	 	 		LSA: About Linguistics 		(tags: language culture psychology science) 	 	 		How to Write an Effective Design Document  Hello World - The SlickEdit Developer Blog 		(tags: programming software design) 	 	 		Comics: Not just for laughs! - Boxes and Arrows: The design behind the design 		(tags: comics design usability hci graphics illustration) 	 	 		UIE Brain Sparks  Blog Archive  Podcast: Flickr: How a Bright Star Changed the World of Web Applications with Peter Merholz and Jared Spool 		(tags: design podcast webdev) 	  Daily Links 	 		Freestyle Street Basketball | The A.V. Club 		C+ review. :-\ 		(tags: games gaming sierraonline) 	 	 		The WebKit Open Source Project - Installing Developer Tools 		(tags: browser api sdk safari apple) 	 	 		Free Vectors by Vecteezy! 		via pinguino 		(tags: graphics free opensource illustration vector webdev) 	 	 		Digital Web Magazine - The Rise of Flash Video, Part 3 		(tags: flash howto webdev video) 	  Daily Links

This a major upside of a more coastal commute. The ocean abides. Sometimes there are surfers. The water temperature is about 64. Maybe I'll try and go in soon. Chilly but good. Lots on my mind. Tyler graduated yesterday from 8th grade. Devon graduated from High School. Leah has photos. Monday my mom will have CyberKnife surgery. Looks awesomely like something from Logan's Run or maybe James Bond. The intent is to work on the tumor on her brain stem. Yesterday she had a kidney biopsy. I'll be flying back to Roanoke (it's the city, not the island) next month. I went biking the other morning and it was really great.

All is well, scary as things are.

Thanks for the well-wishes. And if you get the notion, think of my mom when you say your prayers, futile as some of you may find that to be.

Onward.Ocean View 	 		Fully Ramblomatic.com - Features 		Armageddon Flowchart, Brit, Silly 		(tags: comics funny religion) 	 	 		Must See: D-War Movie Trailer and Posters | /Film 		This movie looks awesome and bad SIMULTANEOUSLY 		(tags: film movies korea) 	 	 		audrey kawasaki 		her work gets mentioned on boingboing a lot. she's really a phenomenal draughtsman, though her work is not work-safe 		(tags: art artist drawing illustration) 	 	 		Cynical-C Blog -  A Female Reporter's Experience in Saudi Arabia 		"Separate and unequal" 		(tags: culture islam religion saudiarabia) 	 	 		Table of Malcontents - Wired Blogs 		The Coen Brothers' Tuileries 		(tags: movies video film) 	 	 		xkcd - A webcomic of romance, sarcasm, math, and language - By Randall Munroe 		(tags: comics funny) 	 	 		ExtractNow 		for Windows, does RAR, unRAR 		(tags: windows freeware download software tools) 	 	 		rc3.org: Bruce Schneier on terrorism 		LOL: "Bruce Schneier is the Director of Homeland Security on my federal government fantasy league team." 		(tags: funny terrorism security) 	 	 		Openads - Home 		formerly phpAdsNew? 		(tags: advertising blogging php opensource freeware webdev) 	 	 		 Lets All Evolve Past This: The Barriers Women Face in Tech Communities - DevChix - Blog Archive 		(tags: women culture technology socialsoftware geek) 	 	 		'Rome Reborn' Model Pushes Frontiers of 3-D Simulation 		(tags: 3d architecture history visualization mapping maps) 	 	 		'Beautiful Evidence' Author Edward Tufte and the Triumph of Good Design -- New York Magazine 		(tags: visualization via:kottke art design powerpoint) 	 	 		ASCII by Jason Scott: Where Did You Get These? 		I hung out with the kids who got access to stuff like this. The Anarchist Cookbook was a holy grail, then  boring. 		(tags: history funny geek) 	  Daily Links

Good bike ride this morning. I wore bike shorts and they were much more comfortable than wearing regular shorts, which is sort of amazing since I was not sure they are even the right size. The improvement was noticeable. I rode for about an hour. I had the notion to go to Somis, but I'm not a strong enough rider to ride along 118 with confidence, I get tripped up too easily and the cars fly along that route. I'm glad of the opportunity to ride along the arroyo and some on the streets. It was pretty this morning. Calm, overcast, serene. Even so, lots of cars along the part of the ride that was roadway. I'll stick to backroads for now. I also was eyeing the bike paths of Malibu, which look promising but would require a proper bike carrier. I have no idea how to choose one of those anyway, but since the back seat of the Kia goes down, I might be able to jam the bike in the trunk and bungie the trunk closed as best as possible. I have yet to try that though.

The green onions of the picture are the smell Leah and I sometimes smelled when we dropped of the kids. Now we live close enough to bike to see the darn things.

Lessons from riding today: bike shorts work for a reason. I got into some mud and it was too slick to really ride in. It was mud right alongside a field, and the texture of the soil along there was so fine, it reminded me of sand - almost no tooth to it the muddy part was seriously destabilizing. Another lesson: uphill is still hard work. I'm glad there are fewer hills here. I'm eager to a time when it's not so hard to go uphill. And when I say uphill I literally mean almost any incline is hard work. Oh, also, I bought a bike tool and that came in handy tightening my handlebars. Also used my air pump which helped some. I'm still not certain what kind of tire pressure is right. Also getting a better handle on using the gears to effectively get around and still get a workout.

My Mom is back from the hospital. CyberKnife, as I said, will be Monday. Prayers to her and all in my family. I appreciate the various comments made here by friends and family alike.

The dude abides.Green Onions 	 		BobHarris.com - Tony Soprano didnt just get whacked; he practically got a funeral 		Interpretation of the signs and signals of the Sopranos finale. 		(tags: tv writing culture fiction criticism) 	 	 		All About Lycra Bicycle Shorts - wheelandsprocket.com 		(tags: cycling clothing fashion technology) 	  Daily Links 	 		Helens Cycles - It's Bicycle Heaven 		(tags: cycling sports losangeles) 	 	 		Underwood Family Farms - HOME 		I like the goats. 		(tags: moorpark somis food) 	 	 		 RUBY: DRY up your Enumerations - DevChix - Blog Archive 		(tags: ruby programming rubyonrails) 	 	 		David Foster's Kicking Kidney Cancers Arse 		(tags: cancer blog health medicine) 	 	 		Google Mashup Editor 		(tags: google webdev programming) 	 	 		WordPress MU  Home 		Multiuser wordpress 		(tags: wordpress freeware opensource blogging software cms) 	 	 		An IFPI & BPI Board Member Writes... at New Music Strategies 		Stupid music flacks 		(tags: copyright music law blogging) 	 	 		Table of Malcontents - Wired Blogs 		Making of the Shining video by Vivian Kubrick 		(tags: documentary movies film video history) 	 	 		apophenia: let the stalking begin 		software that monitors kids mobile devices 		(tags: children culture mobile security socialsoftware privacy) 	 	 		Beyond the Beyond - Wired Blogs 		Brian Eno explains Music for Airports 		(tags: eno music video architecture via:brucesterling) 	 	 		Ning | Developer Documentation 		(tags: api programming webdev socialsoftware socialnetworking) 	  Daily LinksI love how concise Thomas Barnett can be: Watch Vietnam's rerun of China's relationship with U.S.:
Vietnam will face all the same pushback China has and continues to receive: yes, you're turning capitalistic but not democratic at the same time.

What should Triet do? Exact same game plan:
He will also respond to criticism of Vietnam's human-rights record by urging U.S. political leaders to pay more attention instead to the countries' growing economic ties."

No surprise:
As it has opened to more foreign investment, Vietnam's economy has boomed.
So can we be patient on the rise in incomes or must we demand instant democracy?

After all, the academics argue, democracy and development went hand in hand in America, right?

Unless you weren't white or didn't own land at first.

Unless you were a slave for the first century or so.

Unless you were black and living in the South until the 1960s.

Unless you were part of any immigrant wave in which you were systematically denied your social, political and economic rights for years and decades following your arrival--as in, no Irish allowed or no Catholics allowed.

Unless you couldn't vote directly for senators until the turn of the 20th century.

Unless you were Native Americans.

Unless you were female and didn't vote whatsoever until about 80 years ago.

Unless you're gay and lesbian today and can't get married or enjoy spousal benefits.

Unless, unless, unless.

Ah yes, but we were perfect from the start. Where it took decades or even centuries to achieve democracy to achieve elsewhere.

Our sense of our own history is so queerly warped.

Ah, but let the academics debate it endlessly while the businessmen spread economic freedom in the meantime ....Freedom trails economic freedom

Another reflection from my Sunday bike ride: Entropy is a constant. How long it takes to do its business is the variable.

The various structures put up along the arroyo to tame its course are all in states of disrepair, gradually succumbing to the elements.

Word is my mother's struggle with entropy, or rather with an organism that is fighting entropy in another way, is going well. Round 1 of the CyberKnife went well, and she should be getting Round 2 today. Final round 3 is tomorrow. Then chemo after that.

Rock on, y'all. And GO MOM!Entropy...specifically, get out of my living room.

Score today alone:



Heck, I have a pre-made icon to denote kills. This should demonstrate my readiness.

First contact was a week and a half ago. We thought you were a lizard. That was sort of fun. I remembered lizards on the wall in the Philippines and that was cute! Then we realized what you were 3 days ago and intended, maybe with our subconsciences bothering us a little, to buy the glue traps. Today Leah actually got them, and for better or for worse, they work. We've eliminated the food source, please leave. If you don't leave, you will die.

You disapprove? Well, too bad! We're in this war for the species, boys and girls. [source]

Previously: here and  here and  here and  here and  here and  here. (Wow, has it been 4 years since we had mice in San Diego?)Dear Mice, GET OFF MY PROPERTY 	 		Coding Horror: Escaping From Gilligan's Island 		(tags: programming technology management) 	 	 		A Case Study in Classic Mistakes 		Software is hard. 		(tags: programming technology management) 	 	 		LAFlashapaloozastock 2 | LA Flash 		(tags: flash event losangeles) 	 	 		The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters | Official Movie Site | Picturehouse 		This looks awesome. 		(tags: movie games gaming history) 	 	 		Voice Chat Can Really Kill the Mood on WoW 		(tags: games gaming socialsoftware psychology) 	 	 		iWANEX STUDIO - Professional Photo Retouching Services 		(tags: photography photo truth beauty culture photoshop celebrity) 	  Daily LinksUpdated Mice stats:



Sad, really. "Where the heck are they coming from?" is what I want to know. It's not clear to me.

Previously.As of yesterday: Mice 	 		qwantz.com - dinosaur comics - June 14 2007 		(tags: funny comics science math physics) 	 	 		Is she your daughter? Man asked to prove it at Wal-Mart :: CHICAGO SUN-TIMES :: Mary Mitchell 		(tags: racism walmart stupid) 	 	 		Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories - Solid freeform fabrication: DIY, on the cheap, and made of pure sugar 		(tags: 3d diy howto invention technology via:brucesterling future) 	 	 		Cat and Girl: Pennies from Heaven 		(tags: comics funny) 	 	 		Cintiq 21UX Product Information 		WANT 		(tags: art drawing hardware illustration technology) 	 	 		John Kricfalusi | The A.V. Club 		(tags: animation art artist interview) 	 	 		Audience Wrangling: What JibJab Could Teach TV 		(tags: animation media online future) 	 	 		Viewing American class divisions through Facebook and MySpace 		(tags: socialsoftware socialnetworking culture kids psychology sociology) 	 	 		3rd Annual Nigerian EMail Conference 		"I AM FIRMLY CONVINCED THAT USING UPPERCASE LETTERS MAKES MY WRITING MORE EFFECTIVE" 		(tags: funny humor geek) 	 	 		Faith's civil wars - Opinion - USATODAY.com 		(tags: religion war politics via:thomaspmbarnett) 	 	 		Subtitles - download DivX subtitles from the biggest open subtitles database 		(tags: movies tools accessibility opensource movie video) 	  Daily Links 	 		Rhino - JavaScript for Java 		(tags: javascript java api opensource programming) 	 	 		Ventura County Airporter 		Shuttle service to LAX from Oxnard and Ventura. Almost convenient to me. 		(tags: travel ventura losangeles oxnard) 	 	 		Stevey's Blog Rants: Rhino on Rails 		Peculiar and interesting. 		(tags: javascript rhino rubyonrails programming java) 	  Daily Links

I had a pretty good time, despite being almost uncontrollably nervous about it beforehand.I read my mom's favorite post.More about it at labloggerslive.com.And more even more from leahpeah, emcee and organizer of the event!LA Bloggers Live 	 		My Work Stories  Tasty Research 		Some internship and work stories 		(tags: microsoft yahoo google work jobs) 	 	 		QuirksBlog: Drag and drop 		(tags: webdev programming javascript via:diveintomark) 	  Daily Links 	 		Animation Mentor 		(tags: animation school drawing education design illustration) 	 	 		lines and colors :: a blog about drawing, painting, illustration, comics, webcomics, cartoons, concept art and other visual arts  The drawing bench (horse) 		a special drawing bench 		(tags: art drawing tools) 	 	 		Design icons Charles & Ray Eames | Veerle's blog 		(tags: design history) 	 	 		Iconoculture - Consumer Research Service: Trend Observation 		VeinViewer -- awesome visualization technology to find veins! Just slap a little sticker on and voila 		(tags: medicine technology) 	 	 		The Edison ... living history in Downtown Los Angeles 		I like the look of it 		(tags: losangeles restaurants) 	 	 		The Edison - a photoset on Flickr 		(tags: architecture losangeles restaurants) 	 	 		Paleo-Future: Going to the Opera in the Year 2000 (1882) 		yesterday's tomorrow's parties 		(tags: art futurism illustration history via:tableofmalcontents) 	 	 		Brass Goggles  Blog Archive  The Edison - Club Review 		(tags: losangeles restaurants) 	 	 		The World Of Kane. 		Hullabaloo dancers dance to Batman tv show theme song 		(tags: comics tv video music) 	 	 		Boing Boing: Disney rejection letter, 1938: no girls allowed! 		(tags: women animation culture history sex) 	 	 		WageSurvey2006.pdf (application/pdf Object) 		interesting 2006 survey on animation salaries 		(tags: animation employment) 	 	 		How children lost the right to roam in four generations | the Daily Mail 		kids don't walk. kids don't roam. 		(tags: culture children history maps via:boingboing family) 	 	 		Kandahar Journal 		excellent journalism by sketch 		(tags: art illustration journalism war) 	  Daily LinksLast time, on Mouse Update we were at 5. I don't really get livid very often, but this morning we went to a new count. Leah herself stepped on a blanket in the living room  that squeaked. Under the blanket was a mouse who had dragged a glue trap under there, freaking her and me out.



I was pretty upset of this, but not extraordinarily so. It was another near the back wall of the house, which is really not news to speak of. They seem to all get trapped near the chimney, they are caught, and then killed. Done.

This morning I had an instinct to make a sweep of downstairs, seeking droppings. I found none in the living room, but I did make a discovery of some mice droppings under the kitchen sink. My blood boiled. It's time for war. I called the property management company and left a message of the latest count and asked what they intend to do. For our part, we're laying out more traps, and I made another sweep of the cabinets. I moved a box of saltines a level higher, and juggled some plastic containers downward. Otherwise our packages are intact even if they get into the cabinets. When we were in San Diego we lost a fair amount of foodstuffs to the mice: flour, cereals -- things packaged in paper that mice could knaw through.

I fear though, that it's not so much the food that attracts them as the climate. We have air conditioning, and summer is commencing, and I think the critters are attracted to the cool.

We will not be beaten by these critters. Mice are fascinating and wonderful creatures, supposedly the third most successful mammal on the planet. Anymore, though, not in my house. I'm tired of this game. It's not where I want my mental attention.Livid (regarding a Mouse) 	 		KERNSPIRACY: A Place for Designers to Share Secrets at Barbara's at the Brewery (Wednesday, July 11, 2007) - Upcoming 		(tags: losangeles design event) 	 	 		KERNSPIRACY: A Place for Designers to Share Secrets 		(tags: losangeles design event) 	 	 		Los Angeles | groups.drupal.org 		(tags: losangeles cms drupal socialsoftware event) 	 	 		Carcassonne 		(tags: games sierraonline) 	 	 		Switchball 		(tags: game sierraonline) 	 	 		Flip Animation 		(tags: animation comics magazine interview) 	 	 		UBB.threads 		documentation for ubb bulletin board software 		(tags: ubb socialsoftware php programming cms) 	 	 		Intern Turnaround - Worse Than Failure 		(tags: funny it technology) 	 	 		Lowbright - Comics To Make Love To 		(tags: comics illustration art artist) 	  Daily Links 	 		YouTube - Rock Band footage from Gamespot! 		Like "Guitar Hero" but combines 2 guitars, a singer, and a drummer. 		(tags: games gaming music video via:waxy) 	 	 		Jesus and Mo  Archive  well 		(tags: religion funny comics) 	 	 		Muhammad al-Mahdi - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		"Twelver Shi'as believe that Muhammad was born in 868 and has been hidden by God (referred to as occultation) to later emerge to fulfill his mission." 		(tags: religion history) 	 	 		YouTube - Romeo Void - Never Say Never 		Pretty great song. 		(tags: music video 1980s) 	 	 		Iyallwahawa! 		former lead singer for Romeo Void -- Debora Iyall 		(tags: music artist art performance) 	 	 		Hott 4 Hill 		Peculiar. Very peculiar. 		(tags: politics video) 	 	 		Maker Store from MAKE and CRAFT Magazines 		"Blubber Bot Robotic Inflatable" 		(tags: robots howto crafts via:brucesterling) 	 	 		Jesus and Mo  Archive  reply 		Moses uses a Dell. 		(tags: comics religion funny) 	 	 		Frederator Studios Blog:  Transformers cartoon 		Some fun transforming robots videos 		(tags: animation 1980s 3d video) 	 	 		Season Calendar | Steve Allen Theater 		(tags: losangeles theater) 	 	 		John Resig - JavaScript as a Language 		My favorite language. And it feels like I'm beginning to even understand it! 		(tags: javascript programming webdev) 	 	 		Effect.Tooltip 		nice use of scriptaculous to get tooltips 		(tags: webdev programming javascript css) 	 	 		Sicko Spurs Audiences Into Action 		We don't know what to do with the thought of unified action. We have become a nation of individuals. 		(tags: activism politics medicine money movie movies documentary) 	 	 		ArtRage 2 		(tags: art software comics animation illustration freeware graphics design) 	 	 		Frederator Studios Blog 		About ArtRage 2 Pro 		(tags: art software comics animation illustration freeware graphics design) 	 	 		Disney Animation Reuse - Hemmy.net, A source of varied interests 		(tags: animation movie movies drawing via:boingboing) 	  Daily Links 	 		CastingWords: Podcast Transcription 		(tags: podcast transcription audio blogging) 	 	 		heathervescent: Taking it Higher 		Los Angeles is getting some very cool tech world events. People make that happen. 		(tags: losangeles socialnetworking events) 	 	 		templatemaker - Google Code 		looks like an excellent screenscraping tool. 		(tags: python tools webdev) 	 	 		Psychology Today: Ten Politically Incorrect Truths About Human Nature 		(tags: psychology sociology sex evolution beauty art nature science) 	 	 		Craftzine.com blog: Meet Us at BlogHer in Chicago July 27-29 		About Leah's panel in Chicago! Nifty! 		(tags: leahpeah craft event) 	 	 		Who needs sit-ups? - Military Off Duty, Army Health, military fitness, army physical fitness - Army Times 		(tags: health fitness) 	 	 		Testosterone Nation - The Hierarchy of Fat Loss 		via:CriticalMAS 		(tags: health fitness) 	 	 		DeepFitness - Fitness and Nutrition Articles 		with RSS, nice bonus 		(tags: fitness health) 	 	 		Kettlebell - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 		I had never heard of this 		(tags: fitness) 	 	 		css-redundancy-checker - Google Code 		wow, google is doing some pretty cool stuff for us web nerds. 		(tags: css design webdev ruby rubyonrails programming opensource) 	 	 		Infovore  The CSS Redundancy Checker 		(tags: css design webdev programming ruby) 	 	 		Ajaxian  CSS Redundancy Checker 		(tags: css design webdev programming ruby) 	 	 		Anil Dash: Bill Gates, Ambition, Legacy, and Obligation 		(tags: activism microsoft medicine technology futurism) 	 	 		Tunak Tunak Tun 		super-super-awesome. an oldie but a goody. 		(tags: culture music video) 	 	 		Welcome to DalerMehndi.com 		creator of Tunak Tunak Tun! 		(tags: music video indian) 	 	 		RarZilla Free Unrar (Freeware, Windows) 		(tags: freeware unrar rar windows) 	  Daily LinksI get a lot of email inquiries from people who would like to hire me.

I tag these emails so I can get at them fast. So I can see the emails at a glance.

Here is a list of the last 50 first names of these inquirers, duplicate names are from recruiters who have the same name, but multiple inquiries from one recruiter were collapsed to one entry. This is one month's worth of inquiries.

DurgeshYogeshShaliniAnnaLarryRashiNitinTerriAlexLynnPankajUmaKellySantoshNituNicoleChristoperJayDianaEmilyPatrickSheetulGinaSarojPoornimaNirmalPreetiBratislavNeetuBrookeKatAmberSadiqNickAnnaFabianaRichSondraHallieCerenSatyaReneMonicaMerryJamesAfrozeNitinUpendraAdamSheetul
From Durgesh to Sheetul 	 		Anti-Grain Geometry - Texts Rasterization Exposures 		(tags: typography webdev design fonts type) 	  Daily LinksIncredibly, since the last one, yesterday we have another 10. I love the names.

ZahraNitinRyanVidhyaKatJulieTanvikKevinEktaMonicaRecruiter Name Roll Call AddendumI need some silly today. Here's Mister Mind -- he first appeared in the comics in 1943. I think he looks awesome.
Mr. Mind 	 		BookTour: Where Authors and Audiences Meet 		I like seeing authors speak and read. This is a great idea. 		(tags: books events publishing writing) 	 	 		heathervescent: Feeling Angsty? 		I heard this ended up good. 		(tags: leahpeah event losangeles) 	 	 		Stefan Landsberger's Chinese Propaganda Poster Pages--Chinese Space Program 		(tags: art china space illustration military propaganda politics via:brucesterling) 	 	 		CaringBridge: Free online service connecting family and friends 		Interesting tool. 		(tags: family media) 	 	 		LightWindow Demo 		(tags: graphics javascript library webdev) 	 	 		College Crier 		Interview with William Gibson 		(tags: cyberpunk via:boingboing books futurism writing scifi fiction) 	 	 		A Hole in the Head 		Comics folk draw blindfolded 		(tags: comics art history drawing) 	 	 		Simpson Family Values: Entertainment & Culture: vanityfair.com 		(tags: animation funny history tv) 	 	 		QBN sessions 		in September 		(tags: design event losangeles) 	  Daily LinksAnother 15! In under a day since the last one, I have 15 more for the roll call.

Dice sent me a note that "isn't it time for you to update your Dice resume?" I did, and I now have 15 in a day, vs. 50 in a month. If you're in technology and looking for work, Dice seems to be working right now.

NidhiaJustinScottDivyaRashmiLloydKrishnaSarojMelvinKavyaSherryMatthewVenkatNina
Dice Accelerates Recruiter Roll Call 	 		The Mini-Penis Scandal: US Publisher Turns away from Cartoon Nudity - International - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News 		(tags: comics art books censorship stupid via:mefi) 	 	 		Cat and Girl 		Fear! 		(tags: comics funny politics) 	 	 		UMass Amherst: University of Massachusetts Press: The Colored Cartoon 		(tags: book racism history culture animation) 	 	 		FlightAware - Free Flight Tracker - IFR Flight Status, Tracking, History, Maps 		(tags: mapping travel transport transportation maps) 	 	 		The Clock That Went Backwards: Frank Zappa - GWS Project - Volumes 1 - 10 		Great stuff. I've downloaded 4 of the volumes so far. 		(tags: zappa radio download audio) 	 	 		Party brings home the realities of teen drinking 		Odd thing to do to educate parents. Possibly useful? Who knows? 		(tags: camarillo alcohol drugs kids theater) 	 	 		Fillmore and Western Railway 		Wine, Wine Train, Dinner, Dinner Santa, Thomas, Murder Mystery Dinner, Christmas Tree, North Pole, New Year's Eve 		(tags: transportation trains fillmore event) 	 	 		reddragdiva: The expertise problem. 		Great conversation on what makes an expert on Wikipedia, and how Wikipedia deals with cranks who are expert. 		(tags: wikipedia culture) 	 	 		Telegraph newspaper online 		"I've never got over it. You never forget it. Never." 		(tags: war history via:fark) 	 	 		Why Congress Needs a Version Control System 		several fascinating and interesting points here 		(tags: government politics technology) 	 	 		     Diesel "Human after all" - "- ". - 2PHOTO.ru | theFOTO.ru | thePHOTO.ru 		i love that the blade runner cyberpunk dystopia that obsessed me as a
teen is now used to sell jeans.
		(tags: cyberpunk scifi photos photography advertising futurism funny) 	 	 		Temp Hides Fun, Fulfilling Life From Rest Of Office | The Onion - America's Finest News Source 		This reminds me of my job before last. 		(tags: funny work culture) 	 	 		FactoryCity  My default WordPress setup: 17 must-have plugins 		(tags: wordpress webdev software php blogging) 	 	 		Alan Watts Theater 		(tags: animation spirituality religion) 	 	 		CGSociety - Transformers 		(tags: drawing illustration design movies) 	 	 		NPR : Plunging into Public Pools' Contentious Past 		This is some fascinating history I had never considered. 		(tags: books culture history racism sex sociology psychology) 	 	 		all kinds of stuff: Constructing Bugs Bunny 		John K is awfully fun to read 		(tags: animation movies) 	  Daily LinksI've come to the east coast for a week. Last night I left Los Angeles for Roanoke, Virginia. It was a short notice flight, but my family and I have been looking for an excuse to come east to see my Mom, recently diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma, cancer. She has Stage IV, the  stage with the most effect on the body overall. My Mom has metastasis to her brain and lung. A few weeks ago she had Cyberknife  radiation on the metastasis in her brain. Yesterday she started chemotherapy, and had a great day, she went and ate Red Lobster with my sister yesterday apparently. Today she was very active for the first half of the day, but has had nausea, dry mouth and most of all fatigue.

Meanwhile. I flew in to Greensboro from LAX, through Charlotte, on a red eye.

Here's what morning looks like at CLT:




I arrived in Greensboro and was picked up by my Dad. On the way we talked some and stopped at a Sheetz, somewhere along the way. I'm sort of famous to Leah for being able to sleep well on planes, any mass-transit really. But my flights were not really optimal overnight for sleep. So I'll need to adjust and adapt.

This photo approximates how I felt on the first leg of my flight:



Meanwhile, the thing I notice most around my parent's place is how green everything is. I have managed to forget how green this part of the country is. All my visits have been at Christmastime -- in the Winter. Never in the Spring or Summer, at least not for a long time. It's very green out here:



My Mom had some side effects from the chemo today, and we (my sister, her fiancee, my dad and I) went on a road trip to a drug store locally. Our quest was for dry-mouth combat tools. Among them we acquired some Deb's Frozen Lemonade -- which I did not remember being a staple here. Truth is, the place is 15 years old. It's been about 15 years since I lived here, coincidentally.

I miss home, and my wife, but I'm home here too.
In Roanoke to see my Mom
It's noon here, which means it's nine ante meridiem back in California. It's odd to think about that difference.

Meanwhile, I'm a little bummed because my laptop is going wonky. It's an iBook G4:

&nbsp;&nbsp;

Anyone seen this kind of "melting screen" effect. Happens at random. I suspect it's the hard drive crashing and grinding. Luckily there's lots of other machines I can do work on. I'm letting it take a rest for a while.It Is So Green Here / Laptop BummervilleLazy Sunday at the Crawford's

Well, 35 years ago.I'm So CutePretty, right?



Humidity is up. A little drizzling yesterday. I think I'm sync'ed up with the time zone now. Mom seems to be having a pretty good morning. Maybe we're through the side effects of the chemo? Of course, the kidney cancer, and the tumor in her head. and her nocardia infection still might provide effects, and side effects, but today she seems as normal and energetic as she ever did. I think she'd say the same thing!

Illness is tricky, man. Fascinating.And have I mentioned the green?

Except, Cancer!All Things Grow With LoveChemo on Friday for my Mom. She's doing well.

I'm very glad I came.

Who can know what's down the road?

Next UpI am back from Virginia, and I'll have more to say about that later this weekend.

Leah is at BlogHer. She's moderating a panel on crafting. I miss her. Things are not the same without her.

I've been keeping busy. I disgorged some cell phone photos to flickr. I also have done some cleaning. With all the traveling Leah, the kids, and I have done the house has fallen into some disrepair.

Meanwhile, here's me on the train today! I took the train to Burbank Airport to pick up the van, which Leah left there since I could not get home in time to take her to the airport. In the spirit of making lemonade with lemons, I took Metrolink. It was a fun mini-adventures. After that I went to Fry's and bought a USB 2.0 PCI card for my old Mac. (Only $12.99!). It's a G4 Desktop and came without fast USB. Go figure. Then I drove to Simi Valley and saw the Simpsons Movie. Not bad. Not great, but I laughed. The nachos were good, though I spilled cheese on my pants. "I spilled cheese on my pants" is sort of an awesome sentence.

Lastly, here's me from the train earlier. I'm unshaven, but can you tell how much I like train rides? Even short ones? Well, I do. And tunnels on train rides? Oh yeah.



Tomorrow morning I'll ride my bike to get the car from the Moorpark Train Station. Yes, everything in stages. Baby steps, a wise man once said. Baby steps.Joe TrainsGreat to have her back from her rousing success at BlogHer Chicago. Update: photo of the panel participants! and a recording of the panel! from Craftzine and CraftSanity, respectively.
She's BackBike ride, that is. Nicely sweaty, I think. This is from Saturday morning. For some reason the Sprint to Flickr posting by phone was not working the other day. Just tried it now and it is working again. Crazy computers never work, man. Amazing when they do.

This is what I look like after a ridethere are some bad people on the rise
there are some bad people on the rise
theyre saving their own skins by
ruining other peoples lives
bad, bad people on the rise
young married couple in debt
...ever felt had ?
young married couple in debt
...ever felt had ?

oh a government scheme
designed to kill your dream
oh mum, oh dad
once poor, always poor
la la la la la
interesting drug
the one that you took
tell the truth
it really helped you
an interesting drug
the one that you took
god, it really really helped you
you wonder why you were only half-ashamed?Lyrics of the Night

We went to the Santa Monica Promenade today and messed about. Easy fun!Joe/Santa Monica Apple Store/Photot0ny, photo-bootherYay! This is good news for the accountability of elections. I know I've not posted much in the way of politics in the past year -- frankly there's not been much in the way of good news on any fronts, but this, from my own Republic of California.
California Secretary of State - Voting Systems Review
Secretary of State Debra Bowen began her top-to-bottom review of the voting machines certified for use in California in March 2007. The review was designed to restore the public's confidence in the integrity of the electoral process and to ensure that California voters are being asked to cast their ballots on machines that are secure, accurate, reliable, and accessible.California Decertifies DieboldI look so serious.



by leahpeah.Santa Monica JoeI'm not much for religious messages here on the blog, at least not lately. God is where God is found. That is where. Lately God is found at the beach. Also, in music. Also laughter. Also in small things. Even films can have God in them. Despite the language and violence, I believe there to be spiritual truth in the movie Ghost Dog. It quotes heavily from the text Hagakure.
In the words of the ancients, one should make his decisions within the space of seven breaths. Lord Takanobu said, "If discrimination is long, it will spoil." Lord Naoshige said, "When matters are done leisurely, seven out of ten will turn out badly. A warrior is a person who does things quickly."

When your mind is going hither and thither, discrimination will never be brought to a conclusion. With an intense, fresh and undelaying spirit, one will make his judgments within the space of seven breaths. It is a matter of being determined and having the spirit to break right through to the other side.
This evening I went to my current favorite beach -- Thornhill Broome Beach in Camarillo, south of Point Mugu. It's part of Point Mugu State Park. There's not much online with photos, it's rather spartan, being on the grounds of a State Park it's been saved from being colonized houses and commercial properties. I like to think that the tax bill I'm paying off with them as though it's user fees for that beach. God bless the Great State of California.

I really am enjoying California these days. Expensive though it may be to live here, I dig the place. I was born here. No immigrant me, though like many things, like San Diego, The Catholic Church, it's something I come back to and leave periodically.

That's what it looked like in 2004 when californiacoastline.org took a photo. You can see lifeguard tower #8, manned by a lifeguard during the day. Actually, they all seem to be teen boys, no more than 17 to look at them, but I won't renege on calling the small blue buildings "manned." The lifeguard kindly tells me the temperature of the water when I ask. Though today I didn't ask. It was a little blown out and I just wanted to get out there. I wonder what he makes of the large, flabby hairy man who spends an inordinate amount of time getting pummeled by the unruly, strong waves. I wonder if he would agree with my contention that he (that is, me) is bodysurfing? I feel better having him there, the California State website says that when he's on duty, there's a one in 18 million chance that I'll die by drowning.

I got some great rides today. It takes a great amount of force to move a man who weighs 24 stone. And I love that the waves can do that. Frankly, I enjoy it when the water is so strong I'm forced under for a time. I like being batted around. That means there's real force happening. More force makes better rides. If I stop to think about the thousands of pounds of water that allow me to move at great speed I might get intimidated. Actually, I do think about it, and there's a healthy respect that one might call fear. When I do too much I take a break. I haven't been too scared there yet this year, but there's still time.

If I nearly drown I think that teenage lifeguard will take good care of me. More money well spent with the State! Thanks Cali!

Thinking about the State as a "member state" of the dysfunctional family of states we call the United States, for some reason gets my mind thinking about how it might be different. In William Gibson's novel Virtual Light there are two political entities, Los Angeles resides in SoCal, while San Francisco resides in NoCal. It's not impossible to envision. In fact, California is already split. When you go to, say, Cabo San Lucas or Rosarito, you're going to "Baja California" -- well jimbo, that makes where I am "Alta California." We dont' call it that anymore, because of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. There's a great page over on wikipedia showing the territorial evolution of Mexico.

Speaking of William Gibson, I've been looking forward to his new book for nine months, and the time's almost here. I may even have time to read it. I know I enjoy reading his blog. Check out Spook Country on Amazon. It comes out Tuesday. I wonder if the local library will get a copy?

Speaking of the local library, the Moorpark City Library got divorced from the Ventura County Public Library system at the beginning of 2007. The way Ventura says it in a PDF on their site is this:
Effective January 1, 2007, the city of Moorpark has chosen to leave the Ventura County Library system.
Chilly, no?

When I was working in Ojai I dug being able to return stuff from Simi Valley there, and vice versa. I'm not sure how a small town can expect to go it alone with good services, but I wish them well. As I have more free time (theoretically -Ed) I think about how it might be fun to volunteer at the library a few hours a month. I don't even know if they have anything like that set up though. When I was a teenager I enjoyed working at the downtown public library in San Diego.

What does the title of this post have to do with anything, why it's a translation of a lyric from Frank Zappa.
I am the heaven
I am the water
I am the dirt beneath your rollers
I am your secret smut
And lost metal money
Down your cracks
I am your cracks &amp; cranniesI am the clouds
I am embroidered
I am the author of all tucks
And damask piping
I am The Chrome Dinette
I am The Chrome Dinette
I am eggs of all persuasions

I am all days and nights
I am all days and nights

I am here
And you are my sofa
I am here
And you are my sofa
I am here
And you are my sofa
That's translated from the German language, which how the Big G speaks whenever it's Heavy Business.

I am eggs of all kinds. I am the Chrome Dinette. And you are my sofa.I am here, and you are my sofa.I enjoy seeing other people's offices. I like seeing what kind of gear they use, how they have things set up. The current set up works pretty well. It could be better, but it serves me right now. If you look at the photo on flickr you can see what some of the objects are.

The Current Office Set-UpTouring with his new novel Spook Country. I think I can make it. Leah, want to go with me? We can make a night of it!

Friday, August 10, 7:00 PM
Vroman's Bookstore
695 E Colorado Blvd
Pasadena, CA 91101

UPDATE: By the way, booktour.com, you were USELESS in bringing me this information. You have one event listed for Gibson, and are not updating it. What good is a customized RSS by author if the data is not current? You've got work to do before I rely on you for anything. One might think that Gibson in particular (having coined the word "Cyberspace" twenty-some years ago) would merit current data, but one would be disappointed in that. Fans love this crap, why is there no easy way for me to suggest the book tour dates? Your teeny "Add events to BookTour" link wants me to be an author or publicist. Boo! That's crap. Why not accept suggestions then have a vetting process? Or accept them and list them as "NOT CONFIRMED" as you build your database of bookstores and other venues where writers speak? Then it's simple enough to edit that stuff. I was excited to read about your site on The Long Tail blog of Chris Anderson, but I'm disappointed by this.William Gibson Book Tour (Updated)
Meta: Is it just me, or does it seem like I am blogging again? Enough of this vox and twitter and flickr an especially delicious bull. I will continue to use the services that have utility, but they take my eye off the ball as far as what I'm trying to do online. Look on my works, ye mighty, are unfocused... despair!
At lunch today I won $20 on a bet. I'll take possession of the dough at lunch tomorrow.

The obscure knowledge in question was "Who wrote the book that Total Recall was based on?"

The answer is of course Philip K. Dick -- the novelette was "We Can Remember It For You Wholesale" which I actually purchased as a chapbook at Comic-Con in 1990 and promptly lent to my buddy Chris Greazel. I think maybe I should ask for that back. Hah. Somehow I think that might be lost.

The counterclaim was that it was Robert Heinlein. Laughable.

Anyone want to take me on in trivia? I could use need the money.Philip K. Dick Gave Me Twenty BucksLyrics for the week:
Focusing on nowhere
Investigating miles
I'm a seeker
I'm a really desperate man

I won't get to get what I'm after
Till the day I die

I learned how to raise my voice in anger
Yeah, but look at my face, ain't this a smile?
I'm happy when life's good
And when it's bad I cry
I've got values but I don't know how or why

I'm looking for me
You're looking for you
We're looking in at other
And we don't know what to do

They call me The Seeker
I've been searching low and high
I won't get to get what I'm after
Till the day I die
The Seeker on thewho.netThey Call Me The SeekerMy brother-in-law Rick has a new show at the Ruth Bachofner Gallery, entitled Zzyzx Road, as part of that show several new paintings have been placed (by me) on the Paintings page on his site. I find Rick to be an interesting character. At once he reminds me of my father to some extent, but he's so not. He's just a man, and a father, and a brother-in-law. I enjoy the fact that his paintings have mathematical precision, but inlaid with primal and base native arts. It's interesting to see the id and the superego play so easily together.

The Ruth Bachofner Gallery is located in Santa Monica. I'm hoping to get down there before the show closes September 1st. If you're in the L.A. area, I surmise it's worth a look. As a bonus, I can tell you that Bergamot Station is worth visiting anytime.Richard Gate: Zzyzx RoadFor some weeks I've been enjoying the vicious and rather dirty blog uncov -- which attempts to deflate Web 2.0 hype by exposing the crap that passes for clever technology, they are particularly cruel to TechCrunch, who does seem to hype each and every dumb startup and site to the moon.

I was delighted to find that the uncov guys Ted and Kyle actually have dayjobs. It's called Persai and it's new. They haven't launched anything, but they are collecting all RSS and Atom feeds. Like many startups, they have a blog. I noticed that ArtLung blog feed url is contained in their feed corpus. Quite an "honor" to be one of the 118524 feeds included. Though I suspect they got the feed url not by lovingly visiting my site along with more than a hundred thousand others; I suppose they spidered technorati or one of the other blog metadata aggregators for feeds.

Just after I looked at the corpus yesterday I checked out this post on Sam Ruby's site where he spidered the whole thing to see the availability of the feeds in question.I believe that I'm one of the Status Code 307: Temporary Redirects, since I'm using FeedBurner for my feeds these days. My feed is still available at the old URL, but not a simple 200. This is in my opinion an appropriate code because I want the latitude to move to a different service. Smart feed parsers should be able to cope with this.

Most of this is not of interest to my own readers, but I will point out that other great snarky websites dedicated to talking about the rampant mediocrity in web dev are Coding Horror and WorseThanFailure.I'm in the Persai Feed CorpusLeah's response when I sent her a link to lpcoverlover.com -- a blog that shows the covers of old LPs was "talk about a blog with a singular purpose."

Today there's one I really like:



And Leah's reaction was "oh my god. that is awesome."

And of course she's right. Soundtracks I understand, but soundtracks for reading? This is a new and incredible concept. Well, maybe it's not actually a new concept, since this is decades old. But still.

I have spent more time than you may be able to imagine looking at old records -- LPs, singles, 12" singles, cassettes, CDs -- and there are way more than you can imagine out there. I have the patience to look at every single record in a record store if I have the time. I just let the torrent of visual input -- imagery, artist names, titles, the age of the record, how it has worn -- wash over me. I would not be a fan of Dead Can Dance or Roxy Music were it not for running into their records in record stores and wondering "what is this?"

lpcoverlover.com features all kinds of records. ALL kinds. It's a wonderful blog to let wash over you."talk about a blog with a singular purpose"This morning I saw this post on LAist about Google Maps Street View in L.A. That works well, but despite the fact that I live approximately in Los Angeles I was more interested in San Diego views. And downtown, my old stomping grounds is pretty well covered. When I was 18 years old (uh, that's like 19 years ago hoss) I worked at the Central Library, pictured here inside the Street View interface at fullscreen:



I like what they've done here. The interface has a lot going on, and despite some unsure clicking on my part, I managed to get around okay. I like the convention of having the marker you place change when you pick it up. The animation here reminds me of editing a Mii on a Wii, where you sort of pick the avatar up and he sort of struggles, as though you've picked up a rabbit who's not too pleased to be picked up by the scruff of her neck.

I did some searching around San Diego with this and noticed the old AVENCOM offices at 10th and G were missing, it looks like they were demolished and replaced with housing. More condominiums it looks like. I was hoping to see Leah's and my former place on 21st Street but there are not photos that far east of downtown.

I poked around Los Angeles too, it was fun to see some sites. There's a lot of photos in there. The thing I keep coming back to is that this kind of "screen scraping the world" as in the Amazon Maps views that came out some years ago (doing basically what Google's done here, but a bit clunkier), geotagging of photos on photo sharing sites, etc. ... will only get more real-time, not less.  I suppose there will be a view on these maps sometime for "live view" at some point. You might be working in your office and browse around to see what the line looks like at the local bakery, or directly see the traffic cameras on your commute.

None of these science fictional seeming technologies sounds crazy to me. And the fact that they don't sound crazy indicates to me that they're coming fast.Google Maps Street ViewCompare and contrast:



Perhaps it's time to again try for a Zappa style arrangement, though that particular arrangement freaks Leah out a little because it reminds her some jerk. And I am not a jerk. Well, usually:

Tune in tomorrow on WHAT'S JOE'S FACE LOOK LIKE!Yesterday and Today in Facial HairI carped about BookTour.com the other day in William Gibson Book Tour (Updated) and I will note that they have now updated the William Gibson page, and the RSS Feed thereto with updated information. There's also a page and a feed just for Vroman's. That's a nice feature. I'll back off being too harsh on BookTour, but they are cutting it awfully close on these things. For an author you might really like why else would you check an RSS feed if not for timely information. I think they were about a week late in getting Gibson's information in there. They definitely need better mechanisms to get data in.

But enough about them, and more about William Gibson -- you may, perhaps, be interested to read:

Terry Gross interviews William Gibson, 1989 (transcribed by me a long while ago)

If you want to hear the story of how I heard of Gibson in 1983 check out Cyberpunk Guy, 1988.BookTour.com catches up with William GibsonI feel quite honored to have been ask to suggest a post to LP Cover Lover, and it has come to pass:  LP Cover Lover  Hey, Joe

All I did was mention it here, and I got noticed.

I've mentioned the Captain Kangaroo record before, here.LP Cover Lover says "Hey, Joe"I've started reading many more blogs about drawing, illustration, animation, and comics, and I have to mention an artist who quite impressed me, and who I had never heard of. Over at lines and colors, Charley Parker posted about him the other day and it wowed me:
lines and colors: A Little Bit of Leyendecker Greatness
For the benefit of the uninitiated, Joseph Christian Leyendecker was one of the all time greatest illustrators. He is also one of my personal favorites. In my original post about him I tried to convey how flabbergasted I was, and continued to be, at how relatively unknown he remains; particularly when compared to Norman Rockwell, who followed Leyendecker into the role of main cover illustrator for the Post, considered Leyendecker a major influence and a friend, and receives credit that I think belongs to Leyendecker for setting the high-bar on American magazine illustration.
Yes indeed. I suppose because he followed Norman Rockwell he doesn't get the kind of notoriety Rockwell gets. But clearly he was a talented illustrator. When I was a kid and teenager I dug Norman Rockwell. I dug Warhol too, and Jackson Pollock too, but a good illustrator, despite their subject matter being prosaic can say a great deal. Here's a detail from a posting to the Leyendecker blog Parker mentions.

This was in 1933, the depths of the depression. You can see the NRA symbol right on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post. It's a New Year's Theme, a wish allegory for a recovery on Wall Street in 1934. I'm not sure why his work hits me, I think it's a combination of draughtsmanship and showmanship. He revels in these illustrations. They're fun and detailed and bursting with energy. I'm happy I found them.

For Father's Day this year I received a set of really nice pens to draw with.

Time's always the thing, no? Perhaps I'll find some.Joseph Christian LeyendeckerHalf an hour ago there was an earthquake - 4.5 on the Richter Scale. More info here: Info is here or here. Keep up to date at Recent Earthquakes in California and Nevada.

Kind of exciting. Felt all over Los Angeles, and centered in Chatsworth, so say the sources.Quakey Wakey: MoorparkFrom a few months ago. Cell phone cam.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qk0kqErr6AMBirdy
It's been several weeks since I updated here about my Mom.

Several weeks ago I visited my family in Virginia, primarily to see my Mom, who recently had a stroke and was subsequently diagnosed with Stage IV Renal (Kidney) Cell Carcinoma, Cancer. She also has metastases to her brain, lung and mediastinum.

I had a great time, despite the somewhat grave circumstances. I have come into contact with several people with cancers of various kinds in the past few years, and so far they're all still around. Frankly the diagnosis my Mom got is quite a severe one, but the predictions as to prognosis are not set in stone. There's data that she could go years, after all, the first symptom she had was the stroke. She's in otherwise great shape, no smoking, good fitness, walks stronger than I can, as evidenced above. She is doing great.

She was started with CyberKnife, mentioned before, and now, the current regimen is every Friday she gets chemotherapy --
Torisel, to keep the cancer at bay, or even to get at diminishing the cancer. Cancer is now thought of as a chronic disease, and it's managed as such. So far, so good, she's getting back to "normalcy" as much as that is possible. The chemotherapy does create some fatigue for her, but while I was there she felt pretty good. Good appetite, good energy mostly. Here's a photo of her getting chemo:

My Dad has been 1000% supportive of everything she needs, and got housekeepers to help take some of the load off of my Mom in terms of the house. He's a good man.

My sister and her fiancee have likewise been ultra-supportive. My Sister lives four hours away and comes down whenever she can. She was critical in the first stages of my Mom's hospitalization, helping out at home and keeping the extended family in the loop.

And my Mom has friends, holy cow does she have friends! I was taking several calls a day, and I wasn't even answering them all. People dropping by, dropping off flowers to say "hi," stopping in.

So there's lots of hope in the realm of my Mom's illness. I try and keep in touch with email and iChats periodically. I miss them all, but everything seems to be going about as well as it could. There's a great deal of hope, though any spare prayers you have are appreciated.Mom and the CancerToday I have nothing particularly on my mind, only things miscellaneous.

Variously some nouns that are swirling around: deadline, William Gibson, ruthlessness, trash can, dish, invoice, milk, gasoline, PayPal, telephone.

Apropos of that nonlinear list, here's a pixel drawing from approximately 20 years ago!

Not a thought in my headAcres of Books may be the "world's largest used bookstore."

As such, I think I want to go there.

I read about it on Mark Evanier's blog:

I haven't set foot in the place for twenty years but I bet it hasn't changed much. I'm talking about Acres of Books, which is located in Long Beach, California and which is usually acknowledged as the largest second-hand bookstore in the world. It's a huge place that almost seems to live up to its name. Back when I was buying old books, I often spent an entire afternoon in its aisles...which is what you kind of have to do if you even set foot in the place. You don't just pop in for a quick check of a few shelves. I've known people to plan visits like one plans a vacation, including lunch at a pre-selected nearby establishment.

He goes on to say he visits used bookstores less because of internet retailers and places like Amazon. But I have a severe soft spot for real stores.On the todo list: Acres of Books
DualityJust a bit of Leah's latest project -- realmental.org:
leahpeah : Blog Archive  RealMental.org
RealMental.org is a home of sorts. Its a place where everyone is welcome who wishes to explore what it means to have a mental disorder, be in a relationship with someone who has a mental disorder and all the other things that go along with that including medication, depression and self-help techniques. My greatest hope is to break down barriers and remove the stigma attached to the words Mental Illness, because they are just words. And its real people living those things and trying to cope with those things and its hard and they and I just want others to understand and not judge.RealMental.org Launch

...taken by leah.

(where we sometimes go a week without posting!)Welcome to Joe's CafeI put up things on the web because nobody else has. As time goes on more and more of what I considered to be highly obscure, highly ephemeral objects make it to the web. This is a wonderful thing that delights me.

It tends to destroy the whole notion of scarcity in terms of objects of media. TV shows, songs, videos, movies. All, persistently available via electronic download. It used to be one had to make pilgrimages to large cities and their array of record stores, book stores, and newsstands to learn about new obscura. Perhaps you'd hear something on the radio and not hear the artist or name of the song and that sound might get trapped in your head for a long time. It never escapes because there was no way to look up what the heck that was. Now we have Google and its full-text search engine -- and as long as you can recall a bit of a lyric, you can find what you seek.

So herewith are some highly obscure tracks from my own vaults of taste, now quite findable using YouTube. It's not even that they're that old, just that they're not what has survived to play on "Rock of the 80s" or "Rock of the 90s" stations.

Wolfgang Press: Kansas

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiwXhSPIxbk

Eat: Mr. and Mrs. Smack

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AexGzTNFYY


Ween: Freedom of '76

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RT-IOkVP4B4

Pavement: Cut Your Hair

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoMdkyeZOqEObscura On YouTube

Back on August 17, my friend Chris Greazel and I attended the Graduation show at Art Center College of Design in Pasadena. This fuzzy photo is of (I think I remember this right) Jeffrey Jarvis, a student at Art Center and this table is interactive. The table responds to touch and Jeff had programmed it to respond in interesting ways. I bent his ear a little and got him to talk about the technology a bit. It can respond to multiple touches but it's not a multitouch screen, it responds to the various inputs/touches serially. His application was built in Flash/ActionScript and it did various semirandom actions when you would put a finger down. The resolution of the display is 768x768 pixels, relatively low resolution compared to Microsoft Surface I should think. Jeff was telling me that before they put the leather outer casing (making it nice to lean on) the interactions people would do were much less comfortable. Making it easy to get engaged. I mentioned that I had heard Jim Bumgardner speak about interfaces at Yahoo a few weeks ago at the Web Developer Meetup and he said that is was Jim Bumgardner who taught this class! All in all, a great evening out for my old friend and I.

...

More from http://www.artcenter.edu/mdp/:

Philip van Allen is teaching students to work with Interactive Multi-Touch table this summer using an Oracle, a round, multi-touch table designed originally for use in the harsh environment of the Detroit Auto Show (e.g. it does not use a camera for touch detection). The table, on loan to the MDP from George P. Johnson (GPJ) in exchange for a first-look at new concepts developed by our students, was originally designed by MDP alum Nikolai Cornell, Interactive Design &amp; Technology Lead at GPJ, who brought in Philip van Allen and the Moto Development Group to design the technology.
Interactive Table @ Art Center

What's a Buddha?
In Buddhism, a buddha (Sanskrit: Awakened) is any being who has become fully awakened (enlightened), and has experienced Nirvana.Santa Barbara Buddha, $135

Unfortunately, the moon was too pale to be visible in this photo. This is Santa Barbara -- looking down Chapala Street toward the ocean from the corner of Chapala and West Yanolani. It's very pretty there, but where we were there is not enough surf, just harbor.

I prefer waves. Many many terrifying waves.Good night, moon.

He's great. This photo was sent to me by my sister.

Bas in the Puzzle Box

I like this photo a lot.Ladies.Don't you call this a regular jam
I'm gonna rock this land
I'm gonna take this itty bitty world by storm
And I'm just gettin warm
Just like Muhummad Ali they called him Cassius
Watch me bash this
Beat like a skull
'Cause you know I had beef wit
Why do you riff with me
The maniac psycho
And when I pull out my jammy get ready 'cause it might go BLAAAAW
How ya like me now?
The river will not allow
You to get with, Mr. Smith, don't riff
Listen to my gear shift
I'm blastin'
Outlastin'
Kinda like Shaft, so u could say I'm shaftin'
All English filled my mind
And I came up with a funky rhyme

(Song and Lyrics of the Morning by LL Cool J)Outlastin'I had forgotten about last.fm, but it seems to be showing a pretty good representation of my music choices, since, *ahem* it's always watching what I play when I'm working on stuff at home. You can see the whole list at http://www.last.fm/user/artlung

Here are the top artists overall:

1They Might Be Giants1,4162Steely Dan1,0923Frank Zappa6804Stew4955Negro Problem3316Elvis Costello & The Attractions3087Ben Folds2528Ben Folds Five1949The Negro Problem17910Feist15711Beck14812Randy Newman14413Morrissey11814Donald Fagen11515Talking Heads10516New Order9617Mazzy Star9018808 State8719The Puppini Sisters8320Warren Zevon7721The Smiths7022Lullabies6423The Beach Boys5924Christina Aguilera5724Madness5726Vince Guaraldi Trio5627Tom Waits5528Bob Dylan5428Joy Division5430Devo5031Fiona Apple4831Public Image Ltd.4833The Beatles4734Beastie Boys4635Flight of Conchords4436Norah Jones4337Johnny Cash4138Toshinobu Kubota4038Kate Bush4040Brian Wilson3940Bryan Ferry3942Roxy Music3843David Byrne3744Kanye West3445Matthew Sweet3246Liz Phair2946Los Lobos2948R.E.M.2849Dwight Yoakam2749Tree Wave27My Internal Musical StateThe incredible, appalling display or rudeness and rancor that sometimes occurs on mailing lists has a lot to do with the fact that email is incredibly easy to get wrong.  The podcast "I Can't Believe You Sent That: E-mail Disasters, Large and Small and How to Avoid Them": ( direct mp3 link ) ... is an excellent and entertaining talk that helped me understand how things go so very wrong in my own email communication and has helped me get more out of email. Email requires more work than dashing off a few words.

Email is communication. It requires the sender to communicate an in a way that the receiver can understand. It requires the receiver to participate in decoding the message, and to ask for clarifications if things are misunderstood. It requires give and take. When give and take does not occur, when assumptions get made, when pressures are brought to bear, when ego is allowed to go unchecked, you get miscommunication and escalating tensions. On a mailing list, it's only worse. A dozen or so well-meaning hotheads misunderstanding each other soon results in the harshest of flamewars.

It saddens me when this happens on mailing lists I like, such as Web405.Email Disasters: SXSW PodcastThis is the most wonderful thing I've read in a week.
Clowns KKKick KKK ass! - Asheville Indymedia

White Power! the Nazis angrily shouted once more, White flowers? the clowns cheers and threw white flowers in the air and danced about merrily.

White Power! the Nazis tried once again in a doomed and somewhat funny attempt to clarify their message, ohhhhhh! the clowns yelled Tight Shower! and held a solar shower in the air and all tried to crowd under to get clean as per the Klans directions.

At this point several of the Nazis and Klan members began clutching their hearts as if they were about to have a heart attack. Their beady eyes bulged, and the veins in their tiny narrow foreheads beat in rage. One last time they screamed White Power!

The clown women thought they finally understood what the Klan was trying to say. Ohhhhh the women clowns said. Now we understand, WIFE POWER! they lifted the letters up in the air, grabbed the nearest male clowns and lifted them in their arms and ran about merrily chanting WIFE POWER! WIFE POWER! WIFE POWER!

It was at this point that several observers reported seeing several Klan members heads exploding in rage and they stopped trying to explain to the clowns what they wanted.

Apparently the clowns fundamentally misunderstood the nature of the rally, they believed it was a clown rally and came in force to support their pointy hated brethren. To their dismay, despite their best jokes and stunts and pratfalls the Nazis and Klan refused to laugh, and indeed became enraged at the clowns misunderstanding and constant attempts to interpret the clowns instruction.WIFE POWER!!!

Donation Derby has been going great as well.Read Cat and Girl, you!September 18, 2002 I met Leah. I met her at a WebSanDiego event at which there were actually two other women I was seeing. In fact, one of these women asked Leah to hold her purse.

I was quite uncomfortable that night, and in no way looking to find anyone to date, let alone live with, marry and move with.

But I did meet her, and I declared WebSanDiego Happy Hour 9 Awesome for it. She stole beans off my plate.

Have we really packed in this much life in five years? It seems we have. I'm glad we did.

In December, we'll have been married three years.

Here's a shot from that time: we house-sat together:



We've been through a lot, and it's all been worth it.Five Years Ago I Met Leah

Awfully cute lady. Even when she's pursing her lips.Leah at the scrimmage


My chest is aching
Burns like a furnace
The burning keeps me aliveWork Transit Diptych

On March 19, 1999, eight and a half years ago, I started the websandiego mailing list. I started it on onelist at the time. They got eaten by eGroups eventually, who were in turn consumed by Yahoo. I've been a moderator and list owner since then, and it has been very rewarding. Everything I learned about managing a community and maybe even public speaking I learned there.

But times change, and tonight I unsubscribed. It's all about excising those things in your life that are not directly relevant.

Should the unlikely event occur that I live in San Diego again, perhaps I'll rejoin.

I left no note signing off to the list.

It's been a pleasure websandiego, I wish you a fine 'fare thee well.' Keep in touch if you get the notion.You have left the group websandiego.Hello World

Everything old is new again.Cln shvn

It's so beautiful here in California. Even the banal is beautiful.

Progress is being made, peace is closer every day.Stolen Commute Moment

At various times it comes up in conversation that I have a crush on Belinda Carlisle. Well, not Belinda Carlisle as such, but rather the version of Belinda Carlisle when she was in the Go-Go's, but before the Go-Go's broke with their smash single "Vacation." Specifically I believe this version of her was just a little bit chubby, doing drugs and was involved with a lot of debauchery in the bowels of the Los Angeles metropolitan region.

Now, I was only about 10 years old when this version was running around. I only found out about her a few years later -- perhaps the late 1980s and early 1990s, in reading about the exploits of the Go-Go's from that time, tales of wild L.A. nights and taking advantage of male groupies.

I don't recall that I've confessed this here on the blog, so perhaps now's the time. It came up at lunch a few weeks ago, and I thought I'd commemorate it here.Belinda CarlisleThis week, my hosting company, Pair.com, will be making several upgrades to the machine I host with.

The biggest transition is that my sites will now be running under PHP5 instead of PHP4.

Yesterday I upgraded the blogs I maintain to the latest and best version of WordPress -- version 2.2.3 -- and for the most part the transition was painless. Plugins needed to be upgraded, and one in particular has not been upgraded: wpPaginate, which I have replaced with WP-PageNavi. Some of the blogs affected are Rhonchi, Leahpeah, and Stew Sez (though I believe Stew has again abandoned blogging for a while).

Also, there's a new facility inside WordPress under Manage &gt; Export that allows the export of whole blogs to a single XML file. This is really cool, and this morning I did backups of all those blogs (and some private ones as well):
This is a WordPress eXtended RSS file generated by WordPress as an export of  your blog. It contains information about your blog's posts, comments, and categories. You may use this file to transfer that content from one site to another. This file is not intended to serve as a complete backup of your blog.
I'm not totally sure there are other things I need to change or upgrade to be compatible, I have a lot of stray crap hosted and I'll be looking forward to seeing if anything breaks. I think my coding practices are sound, and should hold up, but with system upgrades, one never knows.

In other news, yesterday Leah and I got some clarity on some issues that have been vexing us for a few weeks. Clarity is awesome. We also went to a football game at 8pm of the Moorpark Packers (Senior Green), for which Tony plays and Ty assistant-coaches. It was a good game, the boys won 22 to 6 against Simi. I took a few photos.

Oh, and I totally forgot, but yesterday I nerded out and got my YUI cheatsheets laminated. I've been working on a rather intense application of the DataTable library at work that I hope to be able to share real soon now. It's been difficult but enjoyable to work on it. I've worked with large amounts of data before, but now where I'm really the one in charge of the whole application, even a small one. It's forced me to learn about MySQL indexes. I've got two tables, one with 100,000 rows of data, and one with 250,000 rows, and I do joins against those two (and some other helper tables) and when my queries were running slow (8 seconds is too long to wait for a web page!) I ended up researching indexes and got things back in the millisecond range. It's pretty happy stuff.

In totally unrelated news, I posted this photo the other day...

... and it has a Disney label on it, but I've utterly failed to find an online version of the hat, not in the Disney Store, not with Google searches, so maybe it's not actually a licensed product.TransitionsA few days ago, the Drawn! Blog pointed out the War of the Worlds web comic, published by Dark Horse. It's been on my "to read" list for a while and today I finally got the chance to drink it in, and WOW is it ever great. Vivid and moving, it's an excellent adaptation. Check it out. And you might want to check out Drawn! The Illustration and Cartooning Blog too.
War of the WorldsI mentioned Pair.com's system upgrades the other day, which have now been accomplished and went off -- from what I can tell -- without a hitch for all the sites I host. Bully for them, and for me!

Before the upgrade happened, I emailed Pair.com support and got a prompt reply that yes, indeed, there is a way to get notifications of system status beyond their web page of notifications -- there's an RSS Feed.

I subscribed to the feed but found that it contains more information than I really need. I'm hosted on only one machine, so I only need information on that.

So this morning, in just a few minutes, I set up a Yahoo! Pipe to allow me to filter this feed to just my own server. I think it's pretty wonderful, and it was easy to set up the pipe, which in its edit mode looks like this:



If you are a Pair.com user, visit Pair.com System Notices Filter, enter your server name, and Y!Pipes will provide you with a feed you can subscribe to using your feedreader of choice. There's also an option to get notified of changes to this feed via email or mobile phone. I subscribed to the feed, and also signed up for notifications to my mobile phone.Pair.com System Notices for Just One ServerThis is in no way safe for work. But it's a fascinating look into the world of Frank Zappa from the Flo &amp; Eddy era. There's bad language, drugs (only cigarettes for frank), sexuality, and more. Worth it for Zappa Fans.

1971 Zappa Documentary

Luckily, I was accompanied by good audio. It's raining in the Southland. This makes for slow traffic. But with Ze Frank's If The Earth Were a Sandwich, The Who's Baba O'Reilly, and History of the United States by Charles A. Beard and Mary Ritter Beard on Librovox, my 1:50 commute time practically went by in a flash.

Well, not really, but it wasn't nearly as bad as it sounds as a measured amount of time to be driving in a car in the rain.

There was also a surreal and wonderful moment of -- but I have no photo of it. As I turned north from PCH past Pepperdine, there was a herd (10!) of deer dining on the neatly manicured and newly wet grass on Pepperdine University's front lawn.

Beautiful, serene, wet.Slow CommuteI mentioned yesterday in a comment in response to a comment my old friend Erin made, wherein she mentions she heard Christina Aguilera and thought of me. Yes, I was so into Christina several years ago that a certain number of people now associate me with her. I'm not listening to that much Christina Aguilera these days.

In my reply I mentioned a band called "Tree Wave," whose website is located at http://www.treewave.com/  . They stimulate my brain cells and heart in a way that is rather hard to describe.

I first heard them in the BBS Documentary, where their music is part of the opening credits of some of the pieces. You can read about all the music on that excellent documentary on the BBS Documentary Production: The Music page. You can also download the "Cigarettes and Coffee Introduction" and "Morning Coffee Hymm" on that site.

I never really blogged about the documentary, though I did mention it when Leah interviewed Jason Scott (who directed the documentary). In my email, I did post to the Web405 mailing list this:
I have no idea whether this has been talked about here, but I just got in the mail "BBS: The Documentary" - a 3 DVD set documentary about the
history of BBS's.

I am filled with nostalgia and wonder. I've had it on while working for maybe 20 minutes and I love it. Highest possible recommendation.

http://www.bbsdocumentary.com/

- Joe
I wrote that after having watched 20 minutes of the thing. And it only got better. Part of that was the pitch-perfect music that matched the tone and content of the documentaries perfectly. Tree Wave (or is it Treewave?) makes music using  antiquated electronic computers. Now, I didn't know this at the time, and I had no idea there was more than just a few soundtrack pieces from this band.

No, it was while listening to a SXSW recording of a great panel called "Game Perverts" -- about people hacking games to do things their creators did not intend. Here's the description of Paul Slocum's contribution to the panel by the game website Joystiq:
Paul Slocum took an old Epson LQ500 dot-matrix printer and reversed engineered a box that lets him program and play music through it by changing the speeds and strengths that the pins strike the paper. It really has to be heard to be believed (it's part of the song - former dot-matrix users will hear it right away). He also uses an Atari 2600 with a modified cartridge to generate drums and "bleep" sounds. Pretty impressive stuff.
You read that right, Tree Wave makes music using things like Dot Matrix printers. On treewave.com there's even more detail:
We're a Dallas based band that makes shoegazy pop music and video using obsolete 70'd and 80's computer and videogame gear, accompanied by female vocals The code to drive the music and video is our own, and it's all dirty assembly language. Music comes from Commodore 64s, an old PC FM sound card (OPL3), and a dot matrix printer, and video is all Atari 2600.

Our music is noisy pop, often with unusual song structure, and the video ranges from abstract color noise to actual hacked and deconstructed Atari 2600 games

We perform regularly at festivals and new media venues in New York and Europe, and our cd that we released last year has received a flood of positive reviews Our videos have been screened at galleries and festivals in New York, Canada, and Europe.
It was really a funny moment as I was driving along listening to the panel, because suddenly I was hearing the theme to BBS Documentary and for a split-second thought this guy might be ripping it off! Then I realized this guy was a "good guy" and that he was calling his band "Tree Wave" and I had to seek it out. I still have not bought their CD officially, just listening to publicly available mp3 files, but it'll be my next music purchase. If you download the SXSW podcast Paul Slocum and his descriptions of reprogramming the firmware by plugging into the font expansion port of a dot matrix printer, and his other descriptions of messing with 1980s hardware starts at about 11:05. Again, for a certain subset of folks out there, I give the highest possible recommendation.



Also during the SXSW presentation he plays a song using the game Combat and in playing the song it's laying information over the top of the game's data area, deconstructing the game. This is wonderful stuff, I wish this YouTube video were better, I think the compression of the Flash video can't keep up with the 8-bit graphics.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_EC2PnDIQoTree Wave LoveLast night I uploaded a bunch of photos for a few different teams on the Moorpark Packers.

I have to say though, before the month is out I want to improve the interface for viewing these photos, it's hacked up from, like, years ago now, and needs some serious love to get it so that people want to actually explore the photos there. Talk about an uninspiring interface!

Moorpark Packers Photos Page Needs Workhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-0jPJnkwM0

Found via JapanProbe, which describes it thus:

This video, in which Google spokesman Brad tells Japanese netizens about how they can customize their Google Homepage with iGoogle, has been featured on the main page of YouTube Japan:

Think it will convince many Japanese netizens to stop using Yahoo over Google? Supercharming: Google explains iGoogle to JapanI found robots.txt Adventure really compelling.

Anyone with the time and inclination to do broad studies of all the web, or at least as wide a portion as you can get your arms around, is fine by me.

It's impressive enough when someone like Google does it, as in 2005's Web Authoring Statistics, but when an individual does it, that's some compelling stuff.

The uncov boys are doing something pretty interesting with Persai, but haven't showed anything public yet.robots.txt Crawling and StatsOh man, this is good. A BBC Documentary about comics creator Steve Ditko. It's delightful, and I sure hope it stays up on YouTube.  THE BEAT :In Search of Steve Ditko

via The Beat Blog.
In Search of Steve Ditko

Several million years ago I used to work alongside a fellow Respiratory Therapist named Dave. We worked alongside each other and he'd say wise and smartassed things on the night shift at California Hospital. Good work and good talk. Now, it turns out the dude blogs about things Los Angeles, but especially what he calls newsvixens, plus aerospace, politics, military, aerospace, poetry, and music. He's kind of out there, but it's good to reconnect with a voice I thought I'd never hear again.

His kid was a kid when he worked with me, now, Vincent is in college and takes photos like the above.

Check out Dave out at http://triedndtrue.blogspot.com/Tried and TrueJim Kunstler writes Shock and Awe
Reality is telling us to shift from avoidance behavior and denial to engaging with reality in order to lead lives that are consistent with reality.
Sometime the truth hurts or stings. Jim Kunstler is talking about many things to do with the US economy there.

One of the great things about listening to the Dave Ramsey podcast is his emphasis that life is hard, the fundamentals matter, and you've got to face what's right in front of you or you'll end up drowning in it. Dave talks about debt, but facing up to reality matters in all matters.

But damn if it's not hard to face reality. But reality doesn't go away just because we want things to be a certain way.

The good thing is that reality can be shaped and pushed at, it's possible to make changes in this world. There's always hope. There's always another thing to try.

Never surrender, never relent, ever -- Onward.Consistent with RealityAlex Wright, The Deep History of the Information Age

Download the audio to this talk at the Long Now Seminars page.The Information Age: longer than you thought.WordPress 2.3 is out and I have updated to it without incident.

The big new addition is tags, though I will need to update my themes to view those. I've never been quite comfortable with the Categories system in WordPress, perhaps the tagging in 2.3 is a good answer, I certainly enjoy tags in flickr and del.icio.us.

Ha, spoke too soon. It looks like Google Sitemaps 		2.7.1 is using an archaic construction (table '*_post2cat' doesn't exist) so I had to upgrade that plugin. Here's some conversation on this change.

But all is not rosy, I tried to delete a new test post and got the message "You are not allowed to delete this post." -- not cool. So I set it to "draft" and will wait.

Looks like 2.3 has some quirks.Blog Upgraded to WordPress 2.3So it's been a few months since my Mom's stroke and subsequent diagnosis of Stage IV Renal Cancer. She's been through a bunch of chemotherapy, ups and downs, but generally is in great spirits and kicking butt. A few weeks ago she was out with my Dad and the rest of my family to San Diego. She was fine, except for some thrush on her tongue making it uncomfortable for her to eat and talk. That cleared up a week or so later, so, great.

Meanwhile, she was off chemo for a few weeks and had a CT scan that gave a bigger view of what's up with the cancer. Sounds like the cancer in her lungs is less, while the kidney cancer is slightly larger and we can see it impinging on the renal vein. So... the timing is right and my Mom has been scheduled for surgery for October 6th to remove the kidney that has the tumor.

I iChatted with her and my Dad and his Army buddy Ray, plus my Sister and her Fiance&eacute; (I'm capitalizing Everybody today).

I think that covers it. Your thoughts and prayers have meant a great deal to me, and by proxy my family.

Here's the update via my sister:


My mom is scheduled to have surgery to remove her kidney on Saturday, October 6th at 10am. We expect her to be in the hospital for approximately 4-5 days. My father is taking a week off to be with her after surgery. Daniel and I are planning on being in Roanoke at least through the holiday.

Overall, mom is doing good. She has been off chemotherapy for several weeks, recovering from side effects. The cancer in her brain is slowly diminishing since her cyberknife treatments in June and the lesions in her lungs have gotten smaller since her last treatment of Torisel in August.

Love to all,
My Mom's Cancer (Update)I really like that Steve Yegge fellow. He's funny and smart and he builds stuff with computers. That's my kind of people.
Stevey's Blog Rants: Ten Tips for a (Slightly) Less Awful Resume

Face it: all the traditional advice about trying to convince the hiring manager that you're a plucky, scrappy young individual from a farm in Alabama who's destined for greatness on account of your Uncle Ted having given you that pep talk after you fell off your horse when you were a kid  that advice may as well have come from the back end of your horse, because the hiring manager just wants to profile your current skill set. Mr. Plucky goes into the Round File.

Don't get all depressed about this tip. People will start caring more about you as a person in later phases of the recruiting process, particularly if you're one of those candidates who doesn't really like showering.my resume sucks, what to do about itSo this morning I spent THIRTY-FIVE minutes at the local office of Time Warner Cable because apparently we had not paid our bill.

But of course, we had, several times, since we have moved. But somehow, twice this week, they shut us off for nonpayment.

My time at TW taught me that the payments they even though I canceled the service at our old address, changed my address with them, and transferred our account, and initialized service at the new account, and returned our equipment from the old account to their office, and had installation of new equipment at the new address, and have been happily using the cable services (Digital Cable and Cable Internet) at the new address... it seems the prior account is what we've been paying on, so while they've happily accepted our payments since May, it apparently has applied to the old address, or the old account. This is confusing.

Now, Leah, trooper that she is, has several times this week talked to these -- let's call them Cabletards -- (the -tards suffix is after FSJ) and gotten them to turn the cable back on and it'll all be resolved, what they finally told her is the only way to resolve this is to go down there in person.

So this morning, I did, and so now, apparently, they're actually going to cancel the previous account, and actually apply all the payments from the old to the new, and all will be right with the world. That is, assuming the accounting department can resolve the various charges, false charges, payments, payments to the wrong place, etc.

What year is it that I have to go down in person to an office to resolve an account problem?

I suppose if I wake up to dead internet cable in the morning I'll get to visit them again.
Time Warner, CabletardsI have mentioned before how much I esteem Thomas P.M. Barnett. In a recent blog post he points out a USA Today story about a new term in American Islam: Sushi

The quote from the USA Today story:
He calls himself "Sushi," the popular term for a combination of Sunni and Shiite. Once the glib nickname for the children of intermarried couples, it has become shorthand for Muslim who blur sectarian lines.

Here's TPMB's comments:

Gotta love "Sushi." Yet another example of Japans successful cultural exports! Seriously. A term people choose for themselves because the word strikes them as cool.

None of this is to suggest that America grows less religious, because just the opposite is true. But dont confuse rising religiosity (more faith and more practice) with rising religion (the institutions and hierarchies and sectarianism that come with them).

The rule set on religion gets looser in America even as people get more intense about it. It becomes more personalized and direct and about "the book."

And it becomes non-denominational as a result.

Read Stephen Protheros history of faith in America in his Religious Literacy, and youll see the argument plain as day.

Yet another reason why I do not worry about losing any "Long War." The outcome was never in doubt. Just our belief in ourselves.

That book "Religious Literacy" looks pretty good.American Innovation: SushiMySpace millionaire says "whatever" to high school

Go Ashley Go!

Ashley's business is whateverlife.com.

At first I found the 17 year old's story a bit depressing, but after thinking about it a bit I find it really inspiring.ATTN Web Designers: Ashley Qualls Beats You At InternetWiio's laws are humoristically formulated serious observations about how human communication usually fails except by accident. This document comments on the applicability and consequences of the laws, especially as regards to communication on the Internet.

Communication usually fails, except by accident.   If communication can fail, it will  If communication cannot fail, it still most usually fails  If communication seems to succeed in the intended way, there's a misunderstanding  If you are content with your message, communication certainly fails   If a message can be interpreted in several ways, it will be interpreted in a manner that maximizes the damage  There is always someone who knows better than you what you meant with your message  The more we communicate, the worse communication succeeds   The more we communicate, the faster misunderstandings propagate   In mass communication, the important thing is not how things are but how they seem to be  The importance of a news item is inversely proportional to the square of the distance  The more important the situation is, the more probably you forget an essential thing that you remembered a moment ago
communication usually fails, except by accidentYou may have noticed I've reverted the theme of this blog back to my prior black with zig-zag sidebars and away from the excellent free theme I had been using. In the end using someone else's theme on my blog feels wrong to me. It's not really showing my crufty personality and peculiar oddness in the way I would hope.

Today I moved some large files that were taking up space and not contributing to my site. It may not be obvious, but I have a boatload of old content on this site, which I've been systematically hiding, putting more emphasis on the blog. It's time to go through these old files and keep what's good, and scrap what sucks.

To that end, I'm doing maintenance today. And what should I find in amongst some setup files? Why there's some old teeny photos of Leah from before I knew her. They're from her birthday in 2002, I believe. She looks like she's having a good time. Of course, I look at these and I know that these are from the time when her marriage was breaking up and a whole lot of other stuff was happening. But the straws in her hair are so cute, I felt I must put them up online.

Site Maintenance; Leah 2002https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FUAgIBysj4

via Kill Ugly Radio
And also, Adrian Belew recently made two posts about adventures in Frank Zappa's world:
How To End Up Wearing A Dress On Stage In A Concert Film With Frank ZappaHow To End Up Imitating Bob Dylan In Concert With Frank Zappa
Every good morning should begin with a little Frank.
Zappa MorningThoughtful thinking from DVD Jon who knows about this stuff.
Think Closed
Has Nokia or Sony Ericsson ever bricked or refused service on an unlocked phone? Not that Ive heard of, and if they did, they would have been quickly sued in several countries where consumer rights are more strongly protected.

Did Sony ever brick PSPs over homebrew software? Did Microsoft ever overwrite someones BIOS with garbage because they detected an illegitimate Windows installation?

In light of other things Apple has done lately, such as adding an encrypted hash to the iPod database to lock out non-Apple software and disabling TV-out on the iPod unless the 3rd party accessory youre using has an Apple authentication chip, its evident that Apple is well on its way to become one of the most consumer hostile tech companies.Jon Lech Johansen on iPhone Bricking

Mexican. Vegan. Kosher. Soy. Awesome.Soyrizo & EggsPeople don't write PHP like this anymore, or, if they do, they get hurt badly. This is old code of mine. Timestamp is January 29, 2002. Yeesh.

&lt;?
$where_they_are = 'http://' . $SERVER_NAME . $REQUEST_URI;
if ($HTTP_REFERER!='')
{ $recipientlist='joe@artlung.com';
$emailsubject="visit to $SERVER_NAME via " . $HTTP_REFERER;
$emailbody="someone came to $where_they_are
via $HTTP_REFERER
ip address:  $REMOTE_ADDR
remote host: $REMOTE_HOST
user agent:  $HTTP_USER_AGENT
cool.";
$firstname='ArtLung.com';
$lastname='Notification Email';
$email='bot@artlung.com';
mail(
$recipientlist, $emailsubject, $emailbody,
"From: $firstname $lastname &lt;$email&gt;\nReply-To: $email\nX-Mailer: PHP/" .
phpversion());
} else { echo '&lt;!--mailreferer.php3--&gt;'; };
?&gt;
Dead PHP3 Code

When Dave Ramsey shows up in the first 10 minutes of a documentary about credit in the USA, that's a good sign for the documentary.

Maxed Out: Hard Times, Easy Credit and the Era of Predatory Lenders. Well reviewed on Rotten Tomatoes.Maxed OutEmail from @ryze.com.

Subject line: Someone wants to network with you

Okay, fine, I've not been to Ryze, but I thought it was cool a long time ago, and I  don't mind linkedin, or facebook, or even myspace messages, so I take a look at the email.

Body:
Someone wants to network with you:
http://www.ryze.com/networkwithme.php

NOTE: You can change your Ryze notification preferences at http://www.ryze.com/preferences.php
I visit the site, log in and see the headline:
People who want to network with you...
And the actual message:
Upgrade your Ryze membership to see the list of 2 people who want to network with you
Uh, what? Really? I click the link and it's $10 a year for Gold, and $20 a year for Platinum.

If the two people who want to network with me are legit, they'll find me through some other channel, or heck, won't they just email me?

Ryze was one of the earliest social/professional networking sites I joined. I remember seeing this visualization of the Ryze network and even being spotted on it. I even paid for a premium account at one time. I believe it was the same $10/month thing. But eventually it reached a limit in terms of what it could deliver, and I canceled it. Eventually it seemed that everyone who was talking to me was in MLM folks. Nothing wrong with that per se, but I started avoiding the site.

And now, just to view people who want to network with me, I have to pay? That's the whole reason I think classmates.com sucks. To do anything useful, you have to pay, and yet, the site is trumpeted as this great tool to network with. I'm sorry, but exclusivity and dubious value do not go together. And Ryze definitely is only of dubious value.

Ryze, get your act together. Your value proposition stinks. Bad.Seriously, Ryze?Word from Virginia is that over the weekend my Mom had a successful nephrectomy. She has one less kidney than she had when she was born. Apparently it went well, and she's recovering in the hospital.

I hope to get back there sometime this month.

Previously.

Update: I just got an IM from my sister that my Mom is home now, tired and in pain, but doing well. This is a big load off my mind. It's hard to be away when big stuff is happening.Nephrectomy

Our Health Magazine, about my Mom, Phyllis Crawford. This almost... almost captures how awesome she is.

From October/November 2007 in www.ourhealthswva.com (their website does not have the article).

In the article it has my Grandfather, Jesus Arthur Silva (where I get my middle name from, by the way) saying "No, Mia" -- which is a typo of "No, Mija" -- basically "mi hija" or my daughter."

Other than that it was great to get this in the mail today.

If you want to read it, view the large version.Mom's Magazine ArticleZappa Documentary on YouTube, Pointed to by Kill Ugly Radio:



10 Zen Monkeys asks writers Is The Net Good For Writers? My favorite is Clay Shirky's.

My current musical obsessions: Gerry Rafferty's Baker Street, Foo Fighter's Baker Street, Toy Doll's Nellie the Elephant, Siouxsee & the Banshees Dear Prudence, Christine, and The Passenger, and most of all Burning Sensations' Belly of the Whale.

One of my favorite independent comics artists of the 1980s has a blog! Larry Marder of Beanworld.

Adam Bosworth, officially formerly of Google now, is up to something new, and double-blogging about it. I found his talk at thr 2005 MySQL Users Conference inspirational. It's one of a few talks I return to every so often because it's so packed full of ideas.

Don MacAskill of SmugMug points out that Amazon S3 now has a Service Level Agreement. This is good news. Leah and I have been talking about using S3 for hosting some of the larger files we serve off our various sites. Particularly podcasts, which she's started doing, by the way.

Speaking of which, Leah is indeed podcasting. I think it's great! Have you ever subscribed to a podcast? Well, it's pretty easy, if you have iTunes, go to Advanced ... Subscribe to Podcast... and enter http://leahpeah.com/podcast/. Then sit back and listen. How often will she be podcasting? I have no idea.

The day commenceth!

Morning's MiscellanyGerry Rafferty: Baker Street, from around 1979:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Q5sfKFeXCc

Toy Dolls: Nellie the Elephant, from around 1984:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eti21PVHXrg

Topics you may wish to discuss include video aesthetics, goofy British dudes, musicianship, seriousness and fun.

I like both songs very much.Please Compare and ContrastJust the other day:



She's driving back from Utah tomorrow. My wish for her is excellent driving, good weather, and little traffic.Leah made me look really goodA few weeks ago Miguel de Icaza, the firebrand behing Mono, the open source implementation of Dot Net, posted a bit about the punditry about Microsoft's decision to allow folks to look at the code behind Dot Net. Not exactly open sourcing it. Got that, he was talking about those talking about it: A Journey Into the Dumb-o-Sphere. Well, I did some googling and found the two dummies he was referring to here and here..NET, Miguel de IcazaVernacular speech is pretty crazy stuff. "Drinking the Kool-Aid" is a metaphor for embracing something fully, often unthinkingly. This metaphor has its roots in either psychedelic drugs or mass religious suicide. Take your pick.



Anyway, with that, I'll cop to two new social-software, web two-point-oh oddnesses. The first is Yahoo! Mash, YASN. I'm not sure what to make of it, I try all this stuff and this one seems not to have much for it. It's another reminder that I still have been unable to regain my proper nickname (artlung) with Yahoo. I put in a false birthday lo those many years ago and there's no way to recover the account. Contacts with Y! over the years have been fruitless.

Oh, I'm not talking about Mash. Yeah, well, there was not much to do, no offense to my pal Lilia who both introduced me to my current wife and invited me to Mash. If you want to connect with me, go ahead, the address is http://mash.yahoo.com/websandiego -- let's hope, for Yahoo's sake, that it's more successful than Yahoo 360. It appears that Mash requires Yahoo registration at this point, so don't complain to me if the links above don't work. :-)



MyBlogLog was purchased by Yahoo about a year ago. It purports to build up a community passively as people visit your site, and entice them to do so actively as well. I'm ambivalent about this idea. As I was saying the other day to some other bloggers, I initially set up my site with no comments by active choice because dammit, it's my site, not yours. Get your own site! Of course, I changed course on that when in 2004 I moved from Blogger to WordPress as my blogging platform. I've not regretted allowing comments. Fun fact, Sassy was my first commenter.

Feel free to "friend" me on MyBlogLog or join the ArtLung community. What is the benefit of doing either of those things? Uh, I don't know. I'm a poor salesman. Maybe you can carp about the lack of longer blog posts, or more emotional writing that I used to do? Hmm... maybe this is not such a hot idea.

(And yes, I can see the irony plain as day that just the other day I was carping about Ryze as a social network, meanwhile I'm joining these -- maybe I have a problem).Yahoo Kool-Aid: Y! Mash and MyBlogLogDanah Boyd is surprised to be used as a pack mule for some great marketing. I think it's the nature of the beast. When something hits your gut, it's natural to try and promote it. Taking a step back and realizing you're part of someone's street team can be a little disorienting!

Via The Beat, Strong Bad takes on Webcomics. Funny stuff.  and I used to make watching Strong Bad part of our Monday night ritual. Maybe it's time to do that again.

Via Jim Bumgardner, a wonderful rant on the state of music available for purchase: Convenience Wins, Hubris Loses and Content vs. Context, a Presentation for Some Music Industry Friends.

Via MetroRider LA, apparently some folks in Riverside have fun on their commute: Metrolink train 706 commuters chirp up over Magnolia Bird Farm landmark. Sounds like wacky goodness to me. I sure wish I could grab a train to work.

Jason Scott's detailed indictment of 2600 and his disappointments with their behavior is actually moving. It reminds me of how I feel about, oh, the record industry. Like, dude! you guys are cool! get with the program!

Raph Koster, of general game punditry, remarks on the interoperability agreement to do with avatars for 3-D worlds. I love the idea of making avatar building a standard as common as GIF or JPG. Let me make my one avatar, then I can import it into any game I want to! Just like making an icon for a message board or online service. But 3-D, animated, and articulated. O'Reilly Radar also covered this yesterday.

Coding Horror talks about programming fonts, and gives "quick brown fox" of code. The biggies for me in choosing a font to code in are: how distinguishable are the braces and parentheses, and how distinguishable are the one (1) lowercase L (l) and uppercase eye (I). They are similar enough to cause cognitive friction and generally mess with you. Based on his article I tried out Microsoft's Consolas, and I find I like it.

StupidFilter sounds like an excellent project. I particularly like that one of their goals is the creation of a WordPress plugin. It sounds like a complement to Spam Karma. Their intended methodology sounds terrific.

That's all for todayMorning is the time for MiscellanyLyric of the day:
I'm gonna find me a horse
Just about this big,
And ride him all along the border line

With a
Pair of heavy-duty
Zircon-encrusted tweezers in my hand
Every other wrangler would say
I was mighty grand

But by myself I wouldn't
Have no boss,
But I'd be raisin' my lonely
Dental Floss

Raisin' my lonely -- Dental Floss
Raisin' my lonely -- Dental Floss

Well I might
Ride along the border
With my tweezers gleamin'
In the moon-lighty night

And then I'd
Get a cup 'a coffee
and give my foot a push,
Just me-and-the-pygmy-pony
Over by the Dental Floss BushJust me and the pygmy ponyUncov got some para-journalistic love from Wired. I have mentioned uncov before. I have thought a bit more about the salty language Ted uses, and I've decided it's really interesting to my brain to have the subject be computer science and business and have the language come out of, oh, Quentin Tarantino. Id meets intellect. WIN.

My new favorite movie blog is Slashfilm. A recent post is about Across the Universe, and the fact that it's developing a cult following: Across the Universe: the Next Cult Sensation?. Several of us went to see it the weekend it came out over in Simi Valley and I enjoyed it. It put me in the mind of a Chicago or a Moulin Rouge. Parts of AtU get a little too surreal, but basically it holds together like a musical, it's magical, and the music is rather well handled. Also, I was pretty proud to spot the Joe Cocker cameo. And there are others too, but I won't ruin those.

And ooh, what's this, a new Cat and Girl collection! Yay! I've mentioned this strip before. Here's $8228.40 and a Metrocard, described as:
This 468 page brick of a book prints every episode of Donation Derby from its inception through December 2006. It adds a handy place index and brief interviews with your Donation Derby regulars. Buying this book supports my lavish lifestyle.
See, if you send money to Cat and Girl's cartoonist, Dorothy, she will draw you a comic of what she buys with it. I love the concept. I've even donated. One of mine made the cut. You know, I already told you to read it!

Meanwhile... I'm ashamed to admit that I totally forgot about World Egg Day, which was Thursday. I missed the Frederator Studios piece. However, I can do some penance by linking to the wonderful and hallucinatory iloveegg.com:

Their animation is sort of wonderful.

In a serious and more academic realm than cartoon dancing singing eggs, Paul Kedrosky says Ooooh, Blogs are Now Authoritative, reporting that the National Institutes of Health style guide describes how to cite a blog post -- Sample Citation and Introduction to Citing Blogs:

Also in a serious vein, KPBS should choose JeSais.

Over on BLDGBLOG, I love this rant: Greater Los Angeles. I don't agree with it all, but that's L.A. for you. Heh. While I've brought up L.A., let me suggest you check out the Militant Angeleno Blog. BLDGBLOG was a part of the big Science Fiction and Architecture thing Chris G and I went to a few months ago.

It's raining here. We have some friends coming, and we're tidying up. Alex's birthday was yesterday -- she turned 17! -- and she and some friends are headed to Magic Mountain, driven by Leah. Man, I so don't want to be 17 again. It's a lovely day.My name is Misc, How do you do?via Mark Evanier, Flo and Eddie, aka The Turtles, explain their storied relationships with lawsuits and bad managers:



The music business is a cesspool, always has been. Sad.Required Viewing for the Music BusinessOver on Worse than Failure, there's a thoughtful essay about the usual software is impossible: Avoiding Development Disasters. The graphic looks right to me. A dozen paths to failure. Success rare.

Flowchart of the DayIt was  a good weekend.

Pumpkin pie.

Paychecks arrived on-time.

Bills paid on-time.

Leah's still back: awesome. Latest photos? Terrific.

Heard good things from my sister by text message about the cytology of my Mom's cancer. She continues to recover from her surgery. As Drudge would say... developing.

Not looking forward to the traffic today since the horrible happenings this weekend. But into it I will go. Various traffic sites indicate minimal problems though, so here goes.

And today's video selection is "Lowercase n:" (via Panopticist)



And if you didn't like that, just go back and watch Nellie the Elephant. That one'll get your day started right.

Later!
Good WeekendCheck out more information over at the FeedBurner Blog: Burning Questions  Google Reader Subscription Stats and FeedBurner

I don't pay too much attention to stats, but I do watch for folks coming in through referring links. FeedBurner is pretty cool, I use the FeedSmith plugin referenced.

Valleywag's take is typically cynical.Reader Subscription Stats are ComplicatedI've been reading and listening to lots about animation, and one of the more fun things has been Spline Cast, a podcast about 3-D animation.

My favorite podcast right now is Dave Ramsey's 1 hour version of his show. Don't bother with the 3-hour version, it's not really free.

My previous favorite podcast is Harry Shearer's amazingly witty, terribly dry podcast "Le Show." Supremely funny stuff to me.

The coming Scriptaculous 1.8 library looks like it has some new and powerful stuff in it.

Douglas Crockford's latest comments about worrying about the security of JavaScript where many sites are pulling JavaScript from several tom-dick-and-harry websites (for ads, maps, calendars, photos, etc.) are interesting: Making JavaScript Safe. His concept is AdSafe. If you want to see him talk about the need for the tool prior to the announcement of AdSafe, check out this Google Talk on Gears and the Mashup Problem (Incidentally, this is the kind of thing I watch while I do the dishes):



In that video, I learned what an IBM 3270 is, and that the basic interaction model is what the web became. The central takeaway from this talk for me is the insight that any web page that pulls from more than one site is a mash-up. Just because you're not using Y!Pipes or Google Mashup Editor doesn't mean it's not a mash-up.

Crockford is the best speaker on JavaScript ever, and probably the smartest person about client-side web programming I can think of.

Meanwhile, in 1980s pop music video news, watch this video of the Go-Go's: Turn to You:



via Open Culture, check out this interactive Map (and Timeline) of Religion.

via We Make Money Not Art, Milk and Tales are a darned interesting art/design group that make interesting, immersive, interactive, artistic installations and public art. This is really interesting work to me. It merges my HCI interests with public art. Here's a quote to pique your interest:

We started to work on interactive installations together as an offshoot from the course where we were fine-tuning our skills in creating narrative environments. A narrative environment is an experience or a place designed to communicate a story, is hopefully engaging and a place for dialogue. Interactive environments are inevitably linked to narrative environments. Weve got a mix of skills and are very happy designing both.

Rafe Colburn points to this nice essay: LinkedIn and Facebook and how they are the same and how they are different. The first thing I thought of after reading it was this comment by Sassy: "LinkedIn for work, facebook and myspace for fun. Theres no more room for anything else."

Cartoonist and illustrator (of both adult and for-kids works) Ellen Forney asks a great question:

I decided long ago not to have a pseudonym to distinguish my work for kids from my work for adults. No separate websites, no separate business cards. And no separate blogs, which is actually starting to feel a little weird. Is it weird? I just figure people can sort it out for themselves.

And if you ever wanted to watch Vanna White and Pat Sajak talk about fonts, I have you covered, via waxy.org links



That's all for this morning from Misc-ville.Play Misc-y for MeSo I mentioned yesterday, ever-so-briefly, that there was some news about the pathology report from my Mom's kidney, which was removed. This morning my father sent me an updated and elaborated diagnosis, and more information. This may prove useful to someone, and is definitely useful to family and friends who would like an update.

First off, a link about staging Kidney Cancer from the American Cancer Society: Detailed Guide: How Is Kidney Cancer (Renal Cell Carcinoma) Staged?.

Next, here's the deal on my Mom's cancer, straight from my Dad this morning. My annotations are enclosed in (((triple-parentheses))):
Mom is Stage 4 -- based on the fact she has mets to lung and brain. Under TNM system (((American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC), sometimes also known as the TNM system))) she is T1B (((Tumor is larger than 4 cm but smaller than 7 cm (about 2 inches) and is limited to the kidney))), NX (((Regional lymph nodes cannot be assessed (information not available).))), M1 (((Distant metastasis present; includes metastasis to nonregional (not near the kidney) lymph nodes and/or to other organs (such as the lungs, bones, or brain).))) -- which means the tumor was not locally invasive, that the nodes (N) are unknown, and M1 which means metastasis has occurred. Her Karnovsky score (((More about Karnovsky Performance Status))) is perfect -- her overall health, and her Furhman grade (((The most widely used and most predictive grading system for renal cell cancer is the "Fuhrman Nuclear Grade". Your pathology report should use the Fuhrman Grade. Fuhrman grade is on a scale of I-IV, where grade I carries the best prognosis and grade IV the worst. Nuclear grade means that the system is based on just the appearance of the nuclei of the cancer cells, rather than the appearance or structure of the cells as a whole. Nuclear characteristics used in the Fuhrman Grade particularly indicate how actively the cells are making protein. Source.))) -- how aggressive tumor looks microscopically -- number of mitotic figures, is grade 2 -- putting it all together survival should be 80% or better for 5 years. Of course new chemo drugs may improve on this. Dad
This is terrific news, and given my Mother's amazing attitude, on full display back in this article, I have great hope.Mom's Cancer NewsSome strangeness afoot. Police apparently came in the house while I was in the tub and looked around looking for some dude (Ryan Reynolds?). They didn't bug me.

Also, my Windows 2003 and my iTunes and my old 1GB iPod Shuffle are not playing well. Jerks.



Yuck!

I tried the iPod Reset Utility, I tried the instructions which included making a .BAT file, and I tried the normal process of allowing iTunes to reset the firmware. No dice and Windows would hang -- complete freeze, and I was unable to quit iTunes as an application or as a process. UGLY. I also tried going into Hardware Manager, but the iPod would not be read there.

I was able to get it working on my older Mac G4. It's slower, but with the Mac iPod Reset Utility things worked.

So I'm giving up syncing my podcasts from Windows and moving to the Mac. Really I need to get a new Mac -- for work and for things like this, but that's not in the budget yet, and if I can't pay cash, I can't do it.

Meanwhile, in the interwebs, where things are funny and do not require you to look at Windows Event Logs, check out this: Gabe and Maxs How to Get the Dreamlife of Your Dreams Using the Internet Thing



That made me laugh.

Elsewhere, this post by Adrian Belew about Frank Zappa made me cry.

I suggest you watch the funny video before you read the crying-making thing.

Onward!Misc and Max

via Uncle Eddy

Fun things I noted recently, Neil joined my MyBlogLog (we're up to 1 member, yay!), and also that he had mentioned me in a blog post but I had missed it. Kind words. Neil's a very funny writer.

Headed to work now. Yesterday was good. Hoping for likewise today. I'm sure it's for a good cause

On Las Virgenes through the canyons as I am coming into Malibu.My Commute Can Be PrettyTo start with, a random screenshot from a video from 1989:

It's by MC 900 Ft. Jesus. Watch actual videos by MC 900 Ft Jesus below:



I enjoy his music very much. He got his name from a vision of Oral Roberts:

May 25, 1980, while overlooking his religious center which was in financial difficulty:

"'I felt an overwhelming holy presence all around me. When I opened my eyes, there He stood ... some 900 feet tall, looking at me ... He stood a full 300 feet taller than the 600-foot-tall City of Faith. There I was face to face with Jesus Christ, the Son of the Living God. I have only seen Jesus once before, but here I was face to face with the King of kings. He reached down, put his Hands under the City of Faith, lifted it, and said to me, "See how easy it is for Me to lift it!"'"

"Oral recalled that his eyes filled with tears, and Jesus assured him that He would speak to the ministry's partners and that the City of Faith would be finished."

On to Misc, or, continuing the misc!

Ubuntu has a new version out -- 7.10. A few weeks ago, our houseguests brought with them a sad, cheap Wal-Mart laptop that would neither boot nor behave. I installed Ubuntu (6) for them and it's given them what they wanted, a basic email and photos and web browsing machine. I have been impressed and as my Windows 2003 Server machine gets lamer (remember that?) it makes me think seriously about converting it to Linux. There are several apps I would miss: FileZilla, TextPad, Paint.NET, iTunes. We'll see. I'm not really a zealot about open source, but I've been following Mark Pilgrim's posts about switching to Linux and it has me intrigued. And it was great to install an OS on an x86 Machine and not have to dig around in boxes for stupid Activation Keys and do Windows Activation. It might be great for me too.

MAS read a book about SuperFoods, and the list he posted has me interested. Here's the Cliff's Notes:

Beans Blueberries Broccoli Oats Oranges Pumpkin Wild Salmon Soy Spinach Tea Tomatoes Turkey Walnuts Yogurt

And what's this? An obscure fact about "protocol relative links" -- cool! Http-https transitions and relative URLs, via Simon Willison.

The Harold and Kumar sequel might be called Harold and Kumar go to Guantanamo Bay. That's as crazy as the first movie was. Harold and Kumar is a dumb movie I really like.

"Guilty Pleasure" movies have been a topic at work of late... two I really like that are not necessarily great movies are Necessary Roughness and Under Siege.

Yes, San Diego Voice and Viewpoint's website is still under construction. Yes, it's sad when newspapers, even niche ones, don't have websites. What year is it again?

Oh, the thing that powers the avatars on my site and over on Leah's site is called Gravatar. They got bought by WordPress.

I got the new Cat and Girl book in the mail! See, look, here's proof I got it:


Buy one!

Dave Segovia is reintroducing himself. He's a heck of a character. Drop by his blog and say "Hi!"

Over on BlogHer, Laura Scott mentioned leahpeah's recent posting about uncomfortable subjects and readership.

David Foster speaks about a basic question cancer warriors have about why they would get cancer if they did everything right. He's got the same kind of cancer my Mom has. Here's a quote:

But they are beating up themselves and their lifestyle for no reason. It is true that some behaviors--like smoking cigarettes--cause cancer. But many--if not most--cancers have nothing to do with how healthily you live your life or how many vegetables you eat or vitamins you take.


And lastly, the estimable Jeffrey Zeldman points to the A List Apart Web Survey Results, which make for some interesting reading.

Have a great weekend!Misc is out of StyleDon't use oxygen and smoke, please.

Thomas PM Barnett, a great Powerpointer, mentions that Al Gore has his Nobel Prize because of his PPTs (actually Keynote, but same difference, presentation software).

Read/Write Web has good thoughts on Microsoft's playing catch-up with Google on a number of web tools. I like competitor for Google. It means we'll keep getting innovation. And don't count our Yahoo. They are building a lot of stuff these days.

The cartoon where Jesus, Mohammed, and the unseen Barmaid talk are usually good. Like this one: Snake.

Free To Play notes a study that says of the time kids ages 2 to 17 play games, 91% of it is on free games.

WebKit now has an implementation of a local SQL database (via John Gruber). That's odd, and cool. It seems to be what Google Gears is trying to do, or what Flash does with its Local Shared Objects. All of these kick the butt of mere cookies for storage. The real thing they allow is to allow web applications to work without an internet connection. What's WebKit? It's the engine inside Safari and KDE browsers. This local storage thing is being discussed with great enthusiasm these days seems like. It's still a great time to be working on web stuff.

Last night Leah and I visited a bookstore after dinner and I looked at a book called Beautiful Code. It's got a chapter by Douglas Crockford. I've not bought it yet, but it's been added to my "to read" list. I've been trying to write my JavaScript according to his code conventions.All The Misc That's Fit to MiscFrom a recent interview: William Gibson Hates Futurists :: tyeebooks.ca

On whether some new terrorist attack will make 9-11 look small

"Eventually, I would say it's almost inevitable. Not immediately, because there is no need. The last one is still working. In some strange way, [for terrorists] anything that was less than 9-11 won't do. Anything less spectacular just won't do.

"How terrorism works in the broadest sense really is the inversion of the psychology of the lottery. The paradigms of asymmetrical warfare are such that one of the defining and unchanging characteristics of the terrorist is that he has very, very little in the way of stuff to work with. He can't really do much. He can kill a few people. He can knock down a few buildings in New York. But if he does it in a terroristically effective way, and if the society he does it to responds in what to the terrorist is the optimal way, everybody in society feels threatened. In spite of the fact that the odds of any given individual being done in by a terrorist's bomb are about the same odds of that individual winning the lottery.

"Terrorism is a con game. It doesn't always work. It depends on the society you are playing it on. It certainly has worked with the United States."Terrorism is an inverted lotteryFires to the northwest, northeast, to the southeast. We get smoke, everything smells of smoke. No school closings tomorrow, says Moorpark Unified School District.



It all reminds me of the fires in San Diego back in 2003.Smokey Sky above MoorparkI woke up with my throat dry and with an acrid feel in my nose. I can also feel, with a deep breath, some pain on inhalation. This is not good. It'll do me good to get out and out of this air. I'm going to encourage Leah and our houseguests to get away from it too for at least a while today.

Sunday night we were calling the Sheriff's Department and City and School District to find out about possible school closures and didn't get any information till late at night. But there were no school closings for Moorpark.

Today, however, there is no school. Here's the advisory from the Moorpark Unified School District:
BASED ON THE CONTINUING DEVELOPMENTS OF THE PIRU FIRE LINE AND HIGH WIND FORECAST, ALL MOORPARK UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT SCHOOLS WILL BE CLOSED FOR CLASSES ON TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 2007.

Please check the website for notification about the following day.  By Tuesday afternoon, a decision will be made regarding the status of school on Wednesday.
And this is from the Ventura County Air Pollution Control District:
Due to the smoke from many of the wildfires in and around Ventura County, it is possible that almost all areas of Ventura County will encounter smoke at some time. Air Quality in areas affected by the smoke are considered to be unhealthful. If you smell smoke, be cautious and use common sense to protect your family's health. Everyone, especially people with heart or lung disease (including asthma), older adults and children should limit time spent outdoors, and limit prolonged or heavy exertion. If you have symptoms of lung or heart disease that may be related to excess smoke exposure, including repeated coughing, shortness of breathe or difficulty breathing, wheezing, chest tightness or pain, palpitations, nausea or unusual fatique or lightheadedness, contact your health care provider. This advisory will be extended as conditions warrant.  If you have questions contact Ventura County Air Pollution District, Kent Field or Mallory Ham at 805 662-6960 or 645-1400.
For more information see also:
Air Quality Forecast Ventura County Fire Department,  LAFD News &amp; Information,  Ventura County Sheriff Department,  InciWeb

The Air Quality forecast is continuing to be "101-150 Unhealthy for Sensitive Groups." That is right at the top end of the scale in terms of airborne particulates.

I hate unhealthy air.Moorpark Air is Bad TodayEndicott's up by 5 o'clock
Endicott's givin' it all he got
Endicott's job is six to nine but
Endicott's home by 9 oh five
Endicott helps to cook the steak
Endicott helps to wash the plates
Endicott puts the kids to bed
Endicott reads a book to them

(Why cant you be like Endicott?) (oh)

Endicott loves Tribena so
Endicott puts her on a pedestal
Endicott's wish is her command but
Endicott don't make no demands
Endicott's always back in time
Endicott's not the cheatin' kind
Endicott's full of compliment
Endicott's such a gentleman
(Why cant you be like Endicott?)

'cause I'm free
Free of any made-to-order liabilities
Thank God I'm free
'cos it's hard enough for me to take care of me, oh-oh

Endicott's carryin' a heavy load (but)
Endicott never really ever moans
Endicott's not a wealthy guy but
Endicott pays the bills on time
Endicott's got ideas and plans
Endicott's what you call a real man
Endicott always will provide 'cause
Endicott is the family type

(Why cant you be like Endicott?)

Cause I'm free
Freer than a pirate on a frigate out at sea (ba ba ba ba)
Thank God I'm free
Driftin' all around just like a tumbleweed, oh-oh

Maybe I need me someone
Someone who isn't undone
Maybe an older woman
Will tolerate me!
Maybe that certain someone
Older and wiser woman
Maybe the perfect someone
To satisfy me! (Fo' sho'!)

Endicott keeps his body clean
Endicott don't use nicotine
Endicott don't drink alcohol
Endicott use no drug at all
Endicott don't eat any sweet
Endicott don't eat piggy feet
Endicott's frame is mighty strong
Endicott make love hard and long

(Why cant you be like Endicott?) (ow)

Endicott loves Tribena so
Endicott walks her to the sto'
Endicott likes to hold her hand
Endicott's proud to be her man
Endicott stands for decency
Endicott means formality
Endicott's the epitome
Endicott stands for quality

Endicott
Endicott
Endicott
Endicott
Endicott
Endicott
Endicott
Endicott

I'll never be
I'll never be like Endicott
Cinema
I'll never be
I'll never be like Endicott
No Endicott in me
Ease up ease up ease up
Ease up ease up
Pass on it baby
Don't mean maybe
Ease up ease up ease up
Ease up ease up
Pass on it baby
Don't mean maybe

I'll never be
I'll never be like Endicott
No Endicott in me

by Kid Creole and the Cocoanuts, also: http://www.kidcreole.com/

And this video is just a piece of the awesomeness of this song, a song I never got around to buying until tonight. I've waited 21 years. Shoulda got it sooner.

Lyrics of the Day: EndicottThe language in this is not safe for work, but the sentiments are important: How to Irritate and Annoy People in the Name of Blogging

A lot of people I know or know of are blogging about the fires in San Diego: Sassy, JeSais, MAS, MissEwon, Chuck, and Geoff. Also, people I haven't met: Raph Koster, Cocky Bastard.

Google is changing their PageRank algorithm? is a question/inference the blogosphere is drawing. The working theory is it's for selling links. They're diluting PageRank. I've had several offers to buy links here on ArtLung.com -- and I've turned them all down. Typically the link buyers want the links to be permanent, as in, forever and ever. No. I don't do forever and ever unless you pay me big big big bigtime.

While we fight fires, China launched a lunar probe. In 2001 I posted a story that they'd have a man on the moon by 2005. They didn't make that, but a moon probe is pretty good. In 2003 I blogged Bruce Sterling's Wired op-ed on a China-India Space Race.

High School band covers Zappa. Wow.

GIMP 2.4 is out. I'm going to try it out. The interface is not PhotoShoppish enough though. via Paul Slocum of Tree Wave.

Dorothy (of Cat and Girl)'s computer is broken. Sad.

There are two free songs on http://www.stewsongs.com/ right now: Black Men Ski (previously mentioned here) and  Pastry Shop (previously). Also, I moved Stew's blog to a subdomain a few weeks ago: http://stewsez.artlung.com/.

Jason Scott, who was interviewed by Leah and the BBS Documentary, writes about two subjects which make me wax nostalgic for Amiga: Fred Fish's death, and The Juggler raytraced animation. That animation was truly magic at the time. It was like looking at an alien spacecraft, and there it was for me to study and think about. I never got to render anything, the programming was too inscrutable for me. I did like to mess with DPaint though. Which makes me think about the fact that I've been doing computer graphics for 25 years, since I was 13 years old.

Man, I really do like that Endicott song. Seriously.

Be safe out there people. Onward.Where There's a Misc There's a WayI tried to click through to a slate article just now. Big .NET error. Ugly. I figure the linker got the url wrong. I slice off the request and just leave http://www.slate.com/ -- and still, ugly. Ten minutes later? Still down. This is what we call FAIL. Someone should be getting a page, someone should be implementing a static "be back soon" -- I'm stunned to see a major site fail so spectacularly and nakedly.


UPDATE 25 minutes later: back up. Glad to see it. I hate that kind of downtime - as a web professional and as a reader. Can't imagine how the Slate staffers feel.Slate: Crashed HardBlurbomat points to the review of MacOS 10.5, "Leopard" on Ars Technica. Anil Dash has no sense of humor about one icon.

I wish Windows had included Mac networking by default years ago. Sadly, no. Maybe something based on:



I upgraded this blog to WordPress 2.3.1. Bugfixes and an easy transition from 2.3. I'm so glad I chose WP so long ago, and not MovableType. WP is the open source winner. Speaking of WP, they moved Gravatar to their infrastructure which has gone well, the blog High Scalability pointed out Making Gravatar Fast Again. Cool stuff, and will help them avoid "crashing hard" moments. The Gravatar article pointed to Varnish, a tool I had not looked at but which might be appropriate for some projects I'm part of.

Thomas Barnett points out that Bush said he's relevant. If you have to declare you're relevant, you're not. I just wish he wasn't commander-in-chief. Can we fast forward to the next administration? This one is making me tired.

Philip Greenspun has some new original thoughts on non-profit donations. I wish he did more writing like this. In 2003 I said of him: If anyone can be considered a model for my own experimentation and thoughts on how to put together a personal site, its Greenspun. Greenspun has been accused of being an egoiste and of being insensitive in his use of metaphors, and more. Bottom line: he thinks deeply, and I admire him. Still true.

I dug the drawings, I laughed. How can I feel like a flying squirrel? The answer: Sleep Sack!

Heaven and Here is still around. And they are blogging about the best television show ever, The Wire. It's coming again in January. Yes, I said EVER.

Binary Wolf points to InciWeb and an amazing map of the Witch Fire.


Greg's Cool Thing points out a post on a Windows utility to check and see what processes are using a DLL. Potentially very useful.

Robot writing out Bible nonstop - this sounds a lot like the The Nine Billion Names of God for some reason. Are you there God? it's Me, R2-D2.

Japan Probe points out the world's most dangerous hiking trail. Yikes!

Lines and Colors points to the work of Allan R Banks, Classical painter. http://allanbanks.com/ is a slow site, but worth the load times. I've also been meaning to point to this post on the Pre-Raphaelites, also from LaC. Also pointed to there is this very in-depth study of one painting: Millais' Ophelia.



Slashfilm says "See Blade Runner: The Final Cut on The Big Screen." I've decided to do it. Thursday night at The Landmark. Hit me on email ((( joe at artlung.com ))) if you want in.

Some of you have asked more about my Mom -- really, the latest info I have is pretty much contained in this post over here. And for more background on my Mom, check out the magazine article.

Have a great week and be well. I hope all of you affected by the fires are getting back to normal.












Misc, Misc, everywhere... and not a drop to drinkDid I really go a day without blogging? For shame! No, not really.

It's Halloween, though I don't have any special visuals to offer you today -- I've been far too busy lately. But I do have many tasty linky treats to offer. Really!

Remember, Color Me Badd -- famous for the song I Want To Sex You Up -- they were  a vocal band, sort of a boy band, from the 1980s? I just read that Kevin Thornton, one of the members of the group, went through an exorcism to remove demons from him. He is now a devout Christian. All this according to Undercover Black Man. You can listen to his exorcism -- here's the sound file from the radio show where it happens. It's pretty freaky. Perfect for Halloween!

Harry Potter Postmodern Textual Controversy! I suppose everyone has heard now that J.K. Rowling said that part of how to understand Dumbledore is that he's gay. Now, it's not explicit in the books, but the author aught to know about his or her creations, right? I expect that they know what they were thinking. Here are two articles, from very different sources taking completely different viewpoints: over on FindLaw, a legal affairs website, Michael Dore has an article called Harry Potter and the Framers' Intent which posits basically that what is on the page is on the page -- the way the legal system works. If there's no explicit memory conjured by Dumbledore, if there's no signaling of his homosexuality in the text, it's not there. One might argue it is too subtle, but if it's so ambiguous, it can hardly be said to be there, yes? How subtle does something have to be before it's not there? On the other hand, science fiction author John Scalzi takes the completely opposite position: What Authors Know About Their Characters. I think this is an interesting question. In sci-fi fandom there's a concept of "canon" works. So in Star Wars, one typically considers only the movies to be canon -- novelizations, comic books, tv shows, and other items are not canon, so are not accepted into some discussions of the work. Here's more from Scalzi, talking about an article from the New York Times on the same subject:
if Rowling had as part of Dumbledores background that he was straight, or entirely asexual, his character would be different and his actions and responses and backstory would be different. He would be different. He wouldnt be the Dumbledore he is today (or was, because hes dead, but even so). Rothstein seems to be falling into the trap of assuming that everything that goes into a character shows up on the page. This is entirely wrong. What shows up on the page is the public life of the character, so to speak: The things about a character that a writer chooses to let you know about them. The private life of a character exists off the page, and takes place between the writer and the character.
I think in the end it is in the eye of the beholder, but it's hard to ignore what a creator says about a work. For example, Blade Runner, one of my favorite movies -- in different versions it is clear/unclear/subtle/unsubtle whether Deckard is a replicant. I tend to skew toward interpretations where Deckard is not a replicant, though in interviews Ridley Scott (the director, and for our purposes a primary author of a movie)  says with no hedging that he's a replicant.

So what do you think of this? Can you think of other "controversial" statements other creators have made about their creations?

Self loathing ghost writers! Speaking of authorial intent, did you know that Leslie McFarlane hated ghostwriting the Hardy Boys? In fact one of his books seems to be brimming with double entendres designed to denigrate his works. The 10 Zen Monkeys blog has a post about it -- How gay were the Hardy Boys? -- I actually see McFarlane as a rather sad figure, reading this. I hope never to create artistic works I despise.

Meanwhile, in the funny papers funnies - go read Cat and Girl today. I laughed!

Casual games are apparently a $2.25 Billion with a B dollar market. You know, I know there's a lot of room for growth in casual games, but numbers like this will make you crazy I think. It's not like you're going to make a game and win all that market. Remember Pets.com -- they were going to win the huge market for petfood. Same concept. But casual games are a great industry and a very exciting one right now. Okay, not really very Halloween-ish.

I'll leave you with blasts from the past:

In about 1981 or 1982 I stole a Halloween mask -- then in 2005 I remembered it. And actually, I had forgotten that I did that until today. I guess one does not like to think of the wrongs one has committed. I don't shoplift anymore.

In 1987 I made great killer poster for Halloween:



Also in '87: I designed some pumpkins:



In 1991 I won a costume contest as the joker:



In 2001, the year I started this blog, I was musing about costumes and not wearing one.

In 2003 I made this header.

In 2003 I was only talking about the fires in San Diego.

In 2005 I made a guts cake for Alex.



And last year I mused about Festium Omnium Sanctorum

Happy Halloween everyone!Misc-y Halloween!Today is catch-up and do stuff day.

First, enjoy some Sinfest!



Also, know that the truly twisted (and rarely safe for work) online comic Perry Bible Fellowship has a book coming out soon, with the enigmatic title The Trial of Colonel Sweeto and Other Stories: A Collection of The Comic Strips of The Perry Bible Fellowship: Check it out.

Also in the realm of online comics: this Wondermark -- #338 made me laugh.

MAS blogged about a book: The Most Dangerous Places in the World. It sounds pretty good.

Leah's in Palm Desert and has soft feet and is funny and photographs duckies, not necessarily in that order.

Kicking it old school I say... ONWARD.I don't want to set the Misc on fire.So I have a problem with focus sometimes. My mind drifts thither and yon. I have a lot of interests, and it can be hard to stay on-task, at home, at work, anywhere. My "Misc" posts are all about that. Whatever's in front of my nose and on my mind. But they lack depth.

I'm writing this in a program called JDarkroom, whose premise is this: in eliminating the "multitasking" aspect of working on a computer, one can spend all one's energies on the writing. This is not a bad idea. Typically what I end up doing to find focus is to get up and walk around, or maybe have some more caffeine. Or simply to shut everything else down. Email, twitter, RSS, IM. These are intrusive technologies by their nature. Shutting them off has done wonders for me.

For a whole four minutes I've been writing in JDarkroom. Did it work?

No idea. I'll check my email now.

Hah! Funny.

Actually, no, I think I've said what I wanted to say with this post. I'll be interested to see if JDarkroom can help me do longer-form writing. That's where I have a harder time. JDarkroom and focus.I had a great time at BarCamp LA. I missed Saturday but I went Sunday, I brought 60 pounds of ice, I brought 7-up, I brought grape soda, I saw and participated in presentations, I met people (few new, some old), I took photos, I twittered, other people took photos, I ate pizza, I went to Royal Clayton's, ate Shepherd's Pie, and shook the hand of Richard Stallman.

Topics discussed and learned about: web applications, undo, chumby, mass transit in socal, yui, prototype, jquery, javascript, open source, gpl, gnu/linux, ventura county tech events, data visualization, jobs at the la times, mashups. That's a partial list.

Full day. Here's what I looked like after pizza. One cheese, One pesto and artichoke. I was full:


I hope to post more detailed notes at another time.Bar Camp LA 4 was CoolPart 1 was back in 2005.

Here's what Laura says:
Just a short note to let you know Juliette Alexandra Ross joined us on October 22 at 2:23 Paris time. She was a long and lean 19.5 inches, 6.5 pounds, and she's been an angel from the second she arrived. We're at home now and everyone's doing well. Julien (big brother) and Caesar (loyal dog) are enamored of the new addition, as are of course Mom and Dad!



Big brother looks pretty great too.



Beautiful babies!Expatriate Baby Part 2

Found here.In lieu of blogging today, I offer instead this adorable photo.I'm pleased with how things are arranged right now. Usually being content means I am blogging much more. So much wonderful stuff to say!

I've been pleasantly busy. This pleasantness has manifested itself in steady work, side projects finishing finally, and things at my dayjob going relatively well.

Herein I will try and communicate some datapoints which evidence some of this good feeling. Perhaps in expiating these exhibits we'll actually find that my good feeling is unjustified. That would be quite something! Suppose a person has a generalized good feeling about the world, but when the circumstances of their life are detailed things are not so rosy. Actually, as I think about it I bet that's quite common. Everything feels hunky dory, but things are really on the cusp of doom. It's heartening to think that if that's true, then the inverse state of being can be true as well. One can feel nothing but dread but in reality things are just fine, better than fine even! I think, actually that this is the more common feeling for me. The word I heard from a therapist several years ago was "catastrophisizing" -- the tendency to make any event the basis for the feeling that only the worst can happen.

So what are the datapoints in my mind these days?

Last weekend I attended BarCamp LA 4, and had a terrific time. I talked about that before of course.

Last week I went and saw Blade Runner with my friend Chris Greazel. Chris and I have been friends for over twenty years, and Blade Runner is a huge part of our friendship. I remember him borrowing a videocassette copy of Blade Runner from our favorite short story teacher in High School and both of us being not quite sure where we'd watch it. We had to go to my grandparent's house to watch it because neither his nor my parents had a VHS machine.

Blade Runner was stunning. The modifications to make this cut Ridley Scott's "The Final Cut" were subtle and welcome. There's still a bit with the Egyptian that feels wobbly, but the effects were beautiful as they ever were. Joanna Cassidy's death scene is improved in a way that Chris scarcely noticed the changes. Sean Young is as beautiful as ever, and has terrific hairdos. I wonder if some of my appreciation for the photography in some of Bebe ads has to do with many of them having a neo-noir sensibility? The movie is dated in some ways of course, where are the cell phones, for example? Where is the internet? But Being made 25 years ago, how could it not be a product of its' time?

A digression: cell phones in movies. A pet thing I've been noticing lately is in any older movie whose plot is based on information being known or unknown, or being able to alert authorities to get help -- most of them simply fall over if one tries to consider their realism as contemporary movies. I think that the Bourne Movies handle cell phone ubiquity very well. Bourne Ultimatum featured text messages prominently at key plot points, for example.

A subdigression: I've ranted several times to people with whom I discuss movies lately that I think the Jason Bourne movies have taken over from James Bond movies in the realm of spy thrillers. I think James Bond, a cold war product if ever there was one, has become as quaintly baroque as tailfins on cars. He's simply irrelevant. The truth of the matter is that a thriller set today is far too relentless, and the government agencies far too terrifying to take time out for the Required Sexy Scene With Bond Babe. Sure, the last Bond movie did a better job, but compared with the last Bourne movie, I think it was left wanting.

Next datapoint: on Saturday I bought an 80GB iPod. This was a $300 purchase (I also got a protective rubber housing and of course the State of California wants its' sales tax). I've had it all of 3 days and it's changed my aural life immensely. I've talked about my commute before; I've talked about my likings of music, audiobooks, and podcasts; but I've not talked about the technology involved.

I used to be a major mix-tape maker. Like, very major. My uncle taught me how to check the levels on an audio source and set counters and how to use the levels on a cassette deck to manipulate and simulate a crossfade a mix tape. So the arrangement of sound has mattered to me since I was about 13 years old.

Having nothing but a 1GB iPod required me to ruthlessly edit my music and Podcasts such that I would maximize the use of my iPod for both purposes. I would use the "Only Update Checked Items" feature of iPod synchronization to assure that I was using a balance of music I liked, and a good mix of music, plus the podcasts I had not yet listened to. I got into the habit of using iTunes' "star" feature to set how much or little I liked songs, I assured that music had Genre set, and then I could use the very powerful "Smart Playlist" feature to get a mix of songs that were really good. I would vary the selection of music I added to my iPod sometimes based on different criteria. Sometimes I used "highly rated, least listened to;" and sometimes "highest rated, most recently added to library" and then other times by "highest rated, order by random." I learned that how I set this up and how I rated things mattered a great deal. When I set all my Beck recordings and Devo recordings to all have at least one star, I ended up with much more Beck and Devo than I wanted. I love both artists, but there's nothing worse in a mixtape than to have an artist be disproportionately represented. I can't help but think of a playlist as a kind of mixtape.

Now, the iPod Classic I bought subverts this whole process entirely. I can have the whole damn library in my pocket now. I can listen to all my Zappa. I can have all my Talking Heads records, including the live recordings and obscura, in my ears in seconds. I don't have 80 GB of music at this point, and it's wonderful to have the freedom.

The funny thing I realized though, is I don't want to put everything on it. In the past I think I'd gladly put every single thing in my iTunes library in it - spoken word, holiday songs, podcasts, videos, one off radio interviews. No, what I learned from my shuffle is that editing rocks. And so I am using criteria to assure that I have all the music I want, but I can leave the dross at home. I still have several weeks of music if I were to listen to it all, but I have a more representative mix of music I like.

Also, video! I was re-watching the Douglas Crockford JavaScript videos from YUI Theater over the weekend. It's made me start wondering what other educational type videos and presentations on programming I can put on this thing. I've got 30GB free and I'm looking to fill it. It's an extravagance, but a necessary one I feel. Also, it felt great to buy the thing cash. Prior to buying the Classic, my Shuffle has had problems syncing and I think it's very nearly going to die. I stopped being able to sync with Windows and I was having to use the iPod Reset Utility every other day.

The next datapoint in the cavalcade of good feeling is financial certainty. Invoices from my dayjob have been paid with a better and increased regularity. Over the past months it's varied a great deal. Sometimes a NET-30 invoice would be paid 2 weeks earlier than NET-30, sometimes it would be arrive exactly at NET-30. This made it really hard to budget things like, oh, rent and bills! And sadly, we ended up bouncing checks a few times in the past months. I'm glad of the compensation to me as a contractor, but this kind of uncertainty and unpredictability was rather stressful. "Can we pay that bill? Should we send off that payment? We'll have the payment for that invoice by then" -- then when the due date rolls around, no check, then BLAMMO! the bank gets to charge us for the overdraft, as well as charge us for having a negative balance. Leah and I have spent hundreds of dollars on stupid fees like this this year. Some we've gotten reversed, but it certainly falls into the realm of "stupid tax." Mostly our stupidity. But who wants to tell their landlord that they're gonna be late? And our current landlord is one of those faceless management companies that basically has no interest in our problems. Our prior landlord would work with us when we were a little late, but the current one, no way. We're getting caught up with all our debts, piece by piece, and there's really no other word for it than "blessing" as far as I'm concerned.

Lastly (for this post) I've been enjoying work very much. A few weeks ago we released some code that was a rather epic project for me, the FreeStyle Leaderboards. It's a very nice AJAX application that allows players of the game to vew the top 10,000 players for all the ranked categories. It's a rather nifty implementation of YUI, and it's not the last of my AJAXery. I have many ideas bubbling around in my head and I am looking forward to working on at work and perhaps even in weekend projects and experiments in the new year.
Pleasantness Overall, And WhyYesterday I managed to write a post that was not: a single photo with a caption; a list of links; a random snippet of lyrics; a few words begging you off until I could really blog. Today, I have some links, but there are very many, and I hope to provide some context for each.

First up, with my slightly increasing free time, I have more time for random seeking out of interesting links. Some of the best I've found have been via a subdomain off reddit.com -- the site is http://programming.reddit.com. I'm not a reddit member that I can remember. I also don't participate in digg. Why? Just time I suppose.

The first piece of news that's worth knowing is that Andy Baio of Waxy.org will be pursuing his blog full-time in the new year. I've been reading Waxy for a long time, and I wish him well in his new Post-Yahoo! and Post-Upcoming.org years!

Next up I have a pile of news about web and mobile development:

The SDK for Android Google Handset is out. The Android platform is darned interesting to me. The more I read about mobile, that is, "cell phones;" the more I think that it's inevitable that more of what I do will end up on cell phones. I look forward to learning more about this.

Speaking of Mobile, did you know that the free web browser for mobile devices (it fits on my M500 Samsung mobile phome) Opera Mini 4 came out of beta? Well, it did, and it feels slightly faster, though by default the "start page" of the browser no longer has the field that shoots searches directly to Wikipedia, it does have a configurable search box. Power to you Opera! You're a good egg!

For those of you who are interested in all things JavaScript, you should know that the Prototype and Scriptaculous libraries iterated version numbers. Read more about Prototype 1.6 and Scriptaculous 1.8 on Ajaxian.

Speaking of AJAX: There's a nifty Google API for their search products called AjaxSearch. I look forward to a chance to use it on something public!

The "J" in AJAX is "JavaScript" -- sadly, the state of JavaScript is so dismal that Douglas Crockford himself advises folks to install the FireFox plugin No Script. I find that a bit terrifying.

Also terrifying is the matter of capturing key events using JavaScript and the difficulty thereto: Here's more than you ever wanted to know about this problem cross-platform and cross-browser.

Problems like this are the reason I have embraced libraries for functionality like this. Let someone else sweat out the details between the browser versions. I just want to write code.

Speaking of writing code, Google released an API for Gmail that exposes its' functionalities to GreaseMonkey. This kind of extensibility is wonderful, but it has me vexed because I have no idea what I'd change about what I build now to make them ready for GreaseMonkey. I intend to learn though.

Enough tech! Now, here are some fun cutenesses:

ze frank sings! "and somehow I get over it"

John Scalzi went to the Creation Museum and all I got was this (excellent) post on his blog: note: colorful language and excellent reportage. No time to read? Check out his photo slideshow as well. Really funny stuff.

Jon Armstrong is married to a stubborn, stubborn woman. And that's funny.

David Byrne went to Ikea and all I got was a darn blog post. He's awesome though. Really.

Want to read me talk voluminously about tortilla snack food options? Read this. I love a good tortilla.

What I don't necessarily love are disturbing and tentacled Orangina ads: here and here. NOTE: Disturbing and tentacled Orangina Ads are contained there. Please view responsibly. Also, the Oranginas I can get at lunchtime have high fructose corn syrup. Sad.

Now? Video time! Paul Rand on Design:



Whoa, we just veered back on-topic. Best to stop that! Let's learn how to dress for success.

Speaking of success: History Channel. City Of The Future: Los Angeles 2106. It's pretty darn cool. It feels rather more realistic than it would have in the past. I guess that's normal for futuristic predictions.



That's it for now! Onward!
Misc Cavalcade!HI,

Good Evening. I found your profile which you have posted in the Google. I got very good job offer for you. I am sending you the details. If you are interested to take this opportunity, kindly send your updated resume with contact details and two references so that I can submit you and put you on board. We deal directly with the client and this position is moving real fast.

Position:Full time
Salary:
Location : San Jose, CA.
Start date immediateBad Recruiter Email of the Day: Posted in the GoogleOne of my goals in the new year is to create some kind of simple online game in JavaScript. I'm almost at a point where I have free time, which is so awesome.

Also, I'm learning some of the libraries and frameworks for JavaScript -- to that end I'm experimenting with some of the frameworks -- this weekend it was jQuery -- and I managed to rough a simple "the objects run away from your mouse" exercise.

jQuery is really powerful. It also seems to be really heavy as a download, and I've not tweaked that, but the syntax is just "pretty" -- I was IMing a bud about the syntax and he found it ugly as sin, but I think it's really beautiful.

So at http://joecrawford.com/ there's a simple little exercise. Everything is in the source for the page, only jQuery itself is in a separate file.

Comments, suggestions, ideas about making games in JavaScript, about jQuery, about thinking about game programming are welcome.
Playing with jQueryWilliam Gibson: The Rolling Stone 40th Anniversary Interview : Rolling Stone

I find myself less pessimistic than I sometimes imagine I should be. When I started to write science fiction, the intelligent and informed position on humanity's future was that it wasn't going to have one at all. We've forgotten that a whole lot of smart people used to wake up every day thinking that that day could well be the day the world ended. So when I started writing what people saw as this grisly dystopian, punky science fiction, I actually felt that I was being wildly optimistic: "Hey, look -- you do have a future. It's kind of harsh, but here it is." I wasn't going the post-apocalyptic route, which, as a regular civilian walking around the world, was pretty much what I expected to happen myself.

It's a rather nice surprise that I've not been consumed by nuclear fire, I'll tell you that.

Well, we made it out of the cold war and into this one, and sometimes I feel like this line from Platoon:

All you got to do is make it out of here. It's all gravy, everyday the rest of your life, gravy.

Bonus: we live in a world where we can pull up videos like this anytime -- it's, aptly, a peppy song about feeling sad:



I'm not sure aptly is a word, but I'm feeling thankful this week. I'm looking forward to Thanksgiving on Thursday.

Peace to you all.







William Gibson, Gravy, and a VideoOne of the funner side effects of working for a game company is that new games tend to get bought on the date of release. To that end, yesterday there was a copy of Rock Band in the office. Because of my previous experience (documented by Leah here) playing SingStar and Karaoke Revolution I was not intimidated to sing, which I'm rather proud of. I did ok on songs on Medium difficulty, but I utterly failed on the Garbage song "I think I'm Paranoid" on Hard. I enjoyed singing Gimme Shelter -- but I find myself mystified by how Mick Jagger goes between the falsetto and his gruffer voice. All told I tried my hand at these songs:

"Blitzkrieg Bop"  Ramones  "Creep"  Radiohead  "Gimme Shelter"  The Rolling Stones  "Here It Goes Again"  OK Go  "I Think I'm Paranoid"  Garbage  "In Bloom"  Nirvana  "Learn to Fly"  Foo Fighters  "Maps"  Yeah Yeah Yeahs  "Paranoid"  Black Sabbath  "Say It Ain't So"  Weezer  "Should I Stay or Should I Go"  The Clash  "Wanted Dead or Alive"  Bon Jovi  "Wave of Mutilation"  Pixies"Pleasure (Pleasure)"  Bang Camaro

There are photos! The Ferreteer took some. Let him show you them:





I completely lost track of time playing the game. It wasn't till Leah texted me until I really realized we'd spent 3 hours on the game! I had fun. This was on one of the Xbox 360s at work and on a big TV. It is a loud game though. You really need to hear the song to be able to play, or at least I do, and the drums are loud, and usually the singer is loud. Honestly, it made me think of the stepkids - I can see Dev on guitars, Tony too, Alex singing, and Ty on the drums (which were difficult! I need to try again but it felt like I had no rhythm at all). The feel of the guitars are a bit different from Guitar Hero I and II -- but not unlearnably so. The singing interface looks just like Karaoke Revolution, and that made it familiar to me. I'd love to pick this up, but really it demands stuff not in the budget yet -- a wider TV (we have a conventional tube TV still and I don't see how the interface for four people would fit on the TV at a good size -- it's really designed for a wide aspect ration), an Xbox360 (Joe says that there were 150 Xbox360 copies at the Best Buy he went to , and only 10 PS3 copies), and the game itself. I believe that adds up to more than $1500. I can't justify the cost at this point, but I look forward to a day when I can. :-)

This morning my voice is raw and tired.Rock BandI could not possibly say it any better than Sassy did in his post: Turkey Time at Vista Seeker:


I am a big Thanksgiving fan.  Its a holiday with the sole purpose of getting together, eating, drinking, and being merry.  Theres no religious overtones, no consumerism-tainted gift-guilting, and its a one-day thing - no endless parties and social events around it.  Plus, its a 4-day weekend just when you think youre about to go insane from not having a day off since Labor Day.

For me, a proper Thanksgiving is a must.  No need for new traditions here.  Just turkey, taters, gravy, wine.  See you in the food coma, kiddies!

Amen! This morning Leah took care of the turkey (I woke up late!) and I did the stuffing. Yesterday she made gingerbread house stuff. Our niece Alison is playing the piano. TonySon is playing the newly purchased Portal and that's a gas. Now Alex and Leah are doing a big ol' Puzzle. Tyler is still asleep. Blessings and happiness to all!
Happy ThanksgivingA story about her in the Roanoke Times and World News... Go Mom!

A look at calendar changes her outlook

"God is where the poor are": Five years ago, Phyllis Crawford, 61, took a class that forced her to examine her life by looking at her calendar. She was told that "what you saw there would show where your love is."

When she looked at her calendar, there were five tennis games and four afternoons of bridge on the schedule.

"Sometimes he [God] does call you to do fun things," she said,

"But I thought I'd best do some volunteering."

Crawford was no stranger to volunteer work. In the past, she had worked with her church, the Christian Women's Club and the Child Health Investment Partnership.

"But it got so hectic," she said. They were all worthy causes, but this time around, she needed something that spoke to her soul.

"When you serve the poor, you are serving God," she said. "God is where the poor are."

WORKING AT RAM: Crawford heard about Roanoke Area Ministries' day shelter through her church, Our Lady of Nazareth.

Many of the people who pass through the shelter don't have identification. Since homeland security measures have been implemented, the amount of documentation needed for an ID card is often all but impossible for RAM's poor and homeless clientele to get. It can take two to four months to process an ID card.

"It's time consuming" said Jo-Anne Woody, RAM's administrative assistant. "But you can't get a full- or part-time job with out it."

Money from The Roanoke Times' Good Neighbors Fund goes toward paying fees associated with getting the ID cards.

On her first day at the shelter, Crawford said she really wanted to cook, but RAM always has a need for people to check guests in at the front desk, and that's where she found herself.

"The front desk was nice. I like working with people," she said.

Crawford still tears up when she thinks about the stories she hears from the people who walk through RAM's front doors.

IN THE KITCHEN: One day, when the cook didn't show up, Crawford volunteered to go into the kitchen and whip up a chicken dinner for 150 people.

"Otherwise, it would have been peanut butter and jelly," she said.

She's been there since, volunteering by herself on Tuesdays, and with her church on Sundays.

COMMON GROUND: Crawford and her husband, Jim, an anesthesiologist, live in an upscale Roanoke County home with breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains.

But Phyllis Crawford is no stranger to the poverty she sees at RAM. As one of seven children of a truck driver in San Diego, "sometimes we didn't have enough to eat." She often went to school without breakfast. "But I didn't know we were poor," she said.

Her father "always had a second job," and even though the family had very little, her mother didn't hesitate to help others.

"Why do the poor always make sure that if someone needs something, they get it?" she said.

Jim Crawford became a physician the hard way -- starting as a medic during the Vietnam War and becoming a registered nurse and a physician assistant along the way. While he was in medical school, the tiny trailer they lived in seemed luxurious, Phyllis Crawford said.

When Jim Crawford was offered a job in Roanoke, he took it.

"We loved it here," Crawford said. "It was the homeyness of the people."

A SUDDEN ILLNESS: On June 6, Crawford felt ill and was taken to the emergency room. There they discovered she had suffered a stroke, which paralyzed her left side. She amazed her doctors by recovering almost completely in four weeks.

She credits her recovery to the hundreds of people who heard about her condition and prayed for her. In her living room is a basket filled with the 200 cards and letters that she's received so far.

"I even have the people at McDonald's praying for me," she said.

But when her doctors told her what had caused the stroke, the news was grim. They found tumors in her brain, her lungs and her kidneys. In June, she went through surgery to remove the bulk of the brain tumor, then followed up with a round of chemotherapy.

Despite her troubles, Crawford is not one to sit around and feel sorry for herself.

"I'm a go-getter," she said. Within days of the operation, she went to a wedding, where she slow-danced with her husband.

She traveled to visit her family in San Diego, and she has battled the pain and nausea to take her place in RAM's kitchen.

Since her illness, Crawford said she has been enjoying life more than ever.

"Everything is more intense. Before, I was giving 90 percent to God, now I'm giving 100 percent."

In October, Crawford underwent an operation to remove one of her cancerous kidneys and is at home recovering from the surgery.

Previously Mom's Magazine Article
My Remarkable Mom

As you may have seen previously, I've been experimenting with building a game with jQuery as the infrastructure over on joecrawford.com. This is a screenshot. The super-cute illustrations were created by Dug. The concept of a game with sheep was suggested by a few people, including MAS. Ping said cats and mice, but I quite like the sheep.

I'm just building this in stolen moments away from real work or real life, and this is a gas. I added scoring, though I have not been able to set clickability once I've clicked it. I created a recursive error by trying to assign $(this).click(null). I need to understand the object model better, and really, re-re-read the documentation, which is actually quite good.. :-)Sheepies in the Vast Gray FieldOne of my earliest encounters with online storytelling was via Fray, I even saw a bit of a live "Fray Cafe" event at SXSW in 2001.

I'm quite happy to see Fray relaunching as a virtual and paper magazine, and incredibly PROUD to have my wife as a contribute to the first issue!

Leah in Fray

Sadly, they inserted a hidden link to some dumb dating site into the HTML they generate. Boo! ... Quiz was fun though.

Sixty Out of Ninety-OneI'm up relatively early this morning. I can hear rain outside the window of the office. Leah acquired some of the lovely All Natural Cola by Whole Foods and I'm having one of those. I feel a tickle in my nose and I think I might be getting a cold. That's not optimal.

I have a backlog of Misc and here it goes, helpfully organized by vague category!

Programming

I'm very impressed by DateJS -- it provides functionality like PHP's function strtotime() but in JavaScript. This is a tool I'll be using. I found this via the excellent Ajaxian blog.

The Amazon Kindle has been getting nothing but hate on the net, but it feels like a different class of product to me. These two reviews in particular make me wonder if this device might be something I'd use: Andy Ihnatko and Don MacAskill.

Douglas Crockford wants to fix HTML. I think Crockford is the smartest programmer in JavaScript-land, but I think he's late to that party. I do like some of his ideas though. Crockford also points out how crazy the expectations are on programming for the web, when talking about Unobtrusive JavaScript he says:


It also calls for Graceful Degradation, which means that a page should do something useful even if the JavaScript assets fail to run. This is bizarre. No other programming environment threatens to pull the rug out from under the programmer the way the web does. If you are writing applications in Java, you do not have to be prepared for having Java turned off. But because of the browser's long and tragic history of security screwups, JavaScript does get turned off. It is ultimately the only security control given to users that works. So not only does the programmer have to be prepared for failure, the program is expected to fail gracefully.


And he adds: Madness.

Yup.

Speaking of madness, The Web Standards Project points to the Email Standards Project. I end up with responsibility to debug and test HTML mail sometimes and it's a mess dealing with the various email clients. This a good development. As one of the original members of what would become the WSP, I am all for this. I'm glad to see momentum here.

I'd like to see JavaScript Beautify added to either/both of Firebug and the Web Developer Toolbar.

Comics and Animation

This image of a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle toy posted by Slashfilm reminds me of two of my cousins. I got into (back) into comics at age 13 and while I didn't get into TMNT, the art style was cool. This figure really seems to hit the aesthetic of those black and white indie comics well.

One of the funnier blogs about comics Again With The Comics, did a series called Thanksgiving Turkeys, featuring terrible supervillains from comics past that made me laugh.

Not funny, but aesthetically beautiful is the work of illustrator Julienne Hsu, on startdrawing.org. Spare, impressionistic, but a turns precise. I find it very inspiring. Her website is www.juliennehsu.com

Marlo Meekins is a cartoonist from the John K. posse who has a way with markers I envy. She says of her work, anticipating the question, this about marker choice: "To answer a super common question about marker brand: I use most brands of markers and only a few select shades. But, all and even the best brands make gross colors and plenty of them. Never buy marker sets. It's decisions about color combinations, line and application not brand."

Also from the John K. posse is Uncle Eddy, on Underlight.

Terminus is a short film that spans animation and culture. It's a disturbing but perfectly executed short film about a man and a looming concrete figure. via jwz.



Culture

Ads from the past might have been demeaning to women.

The estimable ze frank has two Christmas songs out: Listen and Buy, if you want! I particularly like Santa Ain't Fat.

This interview with the Coen Brothers on Charlie Rose makes me want to see No Country For Old Men more. Open Culture has a few more links.

Anil Dash points out what's interesting about memes and net culture, and points out ROFLcon, which looks seriously fascinating, bizarre, and potentially educational and entertaining.

Undercover Black Man points out some silliness by one Tay Zonday -- a Dr. Pepper promotional song called Cherry Chocolate Rain. It's fun, it's silly, it's a, well, I suppose it's a parody of hip-hop videos, sort of, but it also uses the conventions of the genre, but funny. So fine, it's cute, it's funny -- but this feels like a "forced" viral meme, and the production values are way too high to be homegrown. Then I zipped over to the young man's YouTube Page and check out Internet Dream and I found myself inexplicably laughing. Well, maybe explicable. The dude is funny and talented. Sort of They Might Be Giants meet Biz Markie. Just watch Internet Dream:



And to complete this series of Misc items, I'll make this a loop -- this post on O' Reilly Radar is about the confusion between Bill O'Reilly (right wing windbag) and O'Reilly (the publisher, mostly known for programming books).

And with that, I'll start my day.Misc Never KnowsMy nose is a-snifflin'. My head is a-stuffy.

This is not optimal.

I am wishin' and hopin' for health, and also mean to get into some fluids and whatnot. Also rest where possible.

But I feel so energetic!Uh oh, I am unwellFrom Q&A: Talking with Stephen King in Time Magazine.

Do you actually think Britney and Lindsay should be on our cover?
Yeah, I do.

Sort of a, 'This is what the media's actually interested it, so let's just put it out there' thing?
I think there ought to be some serious discussion by smart people, really smart people, about whether or not proliferation of things like The Smoking Gun and TMZ and YouTube and the whole celebrity culture is healthy. We've switched from a culture that was interested in manufacturing, economics, politics  trying to play a serious part in the world  to a culture that's really entertainment-based. I mean, I know people who can tell you who won the last four seasons on American Idol and they don't know who their f------ Representatives are.

But you've been well in the public eye for decades now. Is it pretty blatant how much worse it's gotten?
It's worse every year. And the guy says to me  the Nightline guy  I didn't get the guy's name. Granted, I haven't been feeling real well and it was a long day of interviews. But he said to me, "If we didn't cover cultural things, we wouldn't be covering you and The Mist, and promoting the movie." And I'm like, "Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan aren't cultural." They aren't political. They're economic only in the mildest sense of the word. In fact, if I had to pick somebody, some celebrity who has had some impact this year, some sort of echo in the larger American life, I would say Hannah Montana. That whole issue of online ticket sales and scalping fascinates me. There are [legitimate] issues there about the Internet, so that actually does seem to have some cultural significance. But Britney? Britney Spears is just trailer trash. That's all. I mean, I don't mean to be pejorative. But you observe her behavior for the past five years and you say, "Here's a lady who can't take care of her kids, she can't take care of herself, she has no retirement fund, everything that she gets runs right through her hands." And yet, you know and I know that if you go to those sites that tell you what the most blogged-about things on the Internet are, it's Britney, it's Lindsay. So I think it would be terrific [to have them as TIME Persons of the Year]. There would be such a scream from the American reading public, sure. But at the same time, it's time for somebody to discuss the difference between real news and fake news.

(via Open Culture)Rub Our Noses In It (Steven King on the Media)Went bowling yesterday with co-workers, it was pretty fun. I bowled a 137, a 130, and a 114 which put me third among the 12 folks bowling.



My head is feeling better too. It's all good.

The song in my head which I was unable a good copy of from either on iTunes, Amazon MP3 store, or via skreemr is Oblivious by Aztec Camera. Meanwhile, YouTube does not disappoint.



Particularly the line "I see you crying and I want to kill your friends". Joe2 bowls 137; ObliviousStuck in my head like a stone in my shoe is the song Oblivious by Aztec Camera. Here's a live recording by Roddy Frame, then the awesome lyrics.



Aztec Camera / Oblivious

from the mountain tops
down to the sunny street
a different drum is playing a different kind of beat
it's like a mystery
that never ends
I see you crying and i want to kill your friends

I hear your footsteps in the street
...it won't be long before we meet
it's obvious
just count me in and count me out and I'll be waiting for the shout
oblivious

met Mo and she's okay
said no one really changed
got different badges but they wear them just the same
down by the ballroom
I recognized
that flaming fountain in those kindred caring eyes

I hear your footsteps in the street
...it won't be long before we meet
it's obvious
just count me in and count me out and I'll be waiting for the shout
oblivious

I hope it haunts me 'til I'm hopeless
I hope it hits you when you go
and sometimes on the edge of sleeping
it rises up to let me know it's not so deep I'm not so slow

I hear your footsteps in the street
...it won't be long before we meet
it's obvious
just count me in and count me out and I'll be waiting for the shout
oblivious

they're calling all the shots
they'll call and say they phoned
they'll call us lonely when we're really just alone
and like a funny film
it's kinda cute
they've bought the bullets and there's no one left to shoot

I hear your footsteps in the street
...it won't be long before we meet
it's obvious
just count me in and count me out and I'll be waiting for the shout
obliviousOblivious / Roddy FrameBackstory: Last Tuesday, Leah drove with Alison and Tony (my niece and her husband) back to Utah, where they will go to school. They were great houseguests and their soups will be missed. So last week Leah was hanging out with Robin and the Armstrongs. I stayed back and worked. On Friday I flew to Utah, Saturday hung out in Utah, yesterday drove the 750 or so miles from Salt Lake City to LAX, then LAX to home in Moorpark.

I'm way behind on phone calls with a few colleagues. I will catch up today and tomorrow.

I'm late mentioning this, but the security requirements doled out by the Transportation Security Agency are mindless and stupid and arbitrary. I don't even think about them anymore. Put my shoes in a bin? Okay, fine. Keep my paperwork in my hand? Okay. Hand carry my bag over to the security screeners? Okay. Bah.

Southwest Airlines is more like a bus than an airline. I actually kind of like that.

I arrived to snowfall, and impressive driving by Dooce and co-piloting by Chuck and Leahpeah. I was happy to arrive safely, and even happier to end the night with conversation and a nightcap. Then, precious sleep.

Incidentally, this is what happens to the aggregate traffic on my hosting account when Leah gets Dooced. In case you can't tell that's about a quadrupling of our aggregate bandwidth usage. Luckily, we could sustain that. But if we have more growth like that I'll need to look at another upgrade. Still, Leah's site has stayed up like a champ.



The rings Leah made look just as good in person. Does she have a future in lapidary arts and jewelry-making? Who can say? She is a person who takes to creative projects with aplomb and seemingly, with ease. I'm not sure if she'd call it easy. But she paints, takes photos, draws, watercolors, sews, knits, makes jewelry, beads and those are just the ones off the top of my head!

Saturday we hung out with Los tres Armstrongs and had a lovely time. Included, much talk of Disney Princesses and Dora the Explorer and her friends and wondrous chilling out. Then, sushi with adult conversation. Nothing Jon Deal has to say in this post is true except maybe the participants, but it was nice meeting him and his wife. I got kudos for driving in snow. Bah, I've driven in snow before! I'm a big boy! I can do it! Mooooooooooooom! But seriously, it felt pretty manly to man a snow scraper for the first time in years.

Sunday the pioneer children drove and drove and drove. It was a good trip once we got through the weather in Salt Lake City and southward. Leah was happy once we hit about St. George. No snow on the ground, we washed the car, we gassed up, we bought drive-thru tater tots.

Sidenote: If Leah is going to order at a drive-thru, the order is going to get wrong. It doesn't matter who does the talking (me) -- they are apt to "forget" we said "tater tots" when we said "french fries." Also, fry sauce and mints!

Then we drove, and then we almost got by Las Vegas (good only as the place we got married) but then I had to urinate, and at the stop I chose, the AM/PM Mini Mart and Gas Station was CLOSED. Like, concrete barricades. Like, shut down. And yes, we had just seen the sign off the highway saying "AM/PM MINI MART NEXT EXIT: Last Chance to Pee!" I am not making that up. That's a true fact, and yet, they were closed. Then we escaped, but not before making a left turn to get back on the freeway, and diligently following the the dotted white line for the turn lane onto the service road for the freeway. Problem: Leah suddenly saying "Uh, those headlights are pointed in our direction." I said, "uh, yes they are" -- then I changed lanes as far right as possible. That dotted line was representing Las Vegas, and that's when we realized that LAS VEGAS WAS TRYING TO KILL US. We politely declined and got gas and relived ourselves and got coffee in Primm, Nevada. That's when we realized that we don't like Nevada at all, whatsoever. I don't think it likes us either.

Then we came further south on the 15 to the 10 so we could go to LAX, and I don't remember the 10 freeway being so complicated. About every 10 minutes I was choosing to stay on the 10 and this required lane changes, at least that's how it felt. I was not impressed. Eventually, after 12 hours of driving, we got home, and collapsed in heaps.

Now, the workweek begins!

Oh, also, Chuck and Leta and Jon and Dooce are every bit as charming as you might suppose. We are glad of their generous hospitality. Also, the conversations about hosting, WordPress, Drupal and whatnot were awesome. I think Leah likes using the cameras of others, too:



I had a great weekend. I am very tired.

Week, here I come!
ObservationsBut now I have a gamertag: http://live.xbox.com/member/artlung

Working in the games business, as I do by dint of working for a game company, it's become sort of sad that I don't have one.

Even sadder though, is that I'm unlikely to add anything to it anytime soon.I have no Xbox"put your trust in God; but mind to keep your powder dry"

citeQuote of the DaySo at work some of the guys, notably Jukebox JT, have started referring to me as "Youth Pastor Joe" -- presumably it's about my being generally non-confrontational, even-tempered, and diplomatic. They mentioned I should have a public-access TV show and issue helpful messages to the kids today. It's pretty funny stuff, actually.

Youth Pastor Joe has a nice ring, no? I don't mind being poked fun of, really. Not if it's for being a congenial guy.
Youth Pastor JoeI really like the photo, but we do look a bit worn out. I do like it very much though. Dooce takes some great photos. This photo was from Friday night, pretty late.

Leah and Joe, a Bit TiredMovable Type went open source yesterday, and I don't care. Too little, too late. A long time ago, it seemed like MT was the way to put together a blog. It was free for personal use, it was good, it was used by heavyweights of blogging. But I could never get past two things: the first was the fact that the license was not actually open source, not a BSD license, not a GPL license, just "you can use it and it's free." Well, I did use it at one job I had many years ago, giving a set of internal developers blogs to keep track of their stuff. I also experimented with installs over the years, but for this blog I went with Blogger initially, and eventually, in 2004, I went with WordPress. The second thing I could not get over was the way comments were handled in MT. I have no idea if it's still the case that commenting in MT spawns new processes for the Perl interpreter with each comment, but I do know that messages like this one, with people complaining about the performance of MT, are nothing new. Meanwhile, WordPress has superseded MT as the blogging software of choice. It's not without problems, but the license makes it completely hackable, and I can modify and redistribute whatever hacks I make as much as possible.

Something that's been important to me since I started blogging was that my site would be portable, forever and ever. Anything with a restrictive license or that puts me in a position to be beholden forever is a nonstarter. I use flickr, sure, but there are options to export everything from flickr, which I take advantage of. I think it's time to think about a mechanism to export entries from twitter, too. Despite it being so ephemeral, I'd like to capture that stuff too and move it out should I choose to.Movable Type Open SourceSo Flickr Pro users now have access to stats, also announced on the flickr blog on the amounts of traffic they get, and where that traffic comes from. One of the first things I saw was a post on Valleywag that uses an old image from my Amiga Pictures set, here's another old link to my
amiga set, and another:




Most of my images are licensed under a Creative Commons license, and it's fun to see where these are used. For example, the Wikipedia article "Book" includes a photo of mine of Kali Kirk at the San Diego City College Learning Resource Center, which was taken for the technical writing class Leah and I took at City College in San Diego several years ago. I mentioned it in a blog post back in 2004. And actually, that image was one that I recieved a note from someone from The Pirate Party about using in a poster back in 2006. I never heard anything more about that though. This is the image:



Two silly ones pulled in from starwars.yahoo.com, recent: 1 and 2:





Here's a usage of this image from a post in Hebrew. Interesting, but I wonder what the article is saying? I tried Google Translate and Babelfish and don't see any machine Hebrew to English translators. What's up with Hebrew? Is it harder to machine translate than, say Arabic or Chinese or Korean or Japanese? Or is it simply a less popular language?



More great work from flickr. I'm impressed. We use it to print family photos and get prints at Target, excellent service. Unrelated, but I thought I'd mention it since I'm all warm and fuzzy and enthusiastic about the service today.






Flickr Pro Stats Showed Me Uses of My ImagesI really like this set of photos, originally from Girl Vogue Korea in January 2006. They are sweet and charming and very 21st Century. If you had asked me in 1986 what I thought magazine fashion spreads for teen girls would look like in 2006, this would have been my answer. Of course, I'd have also told you that the robot would be real and functional. Well, at least we have the illusion of my supposed futurity.

Robot Meets GirlExcellent photo by Mack Reed over on Metroblogging.la: "Frigid dawn over Los Angeles":



Absolutely beautiful. About ten years ago I worked downtown on the night shift at California Hospital, just a few years after that I worked as a temp at ARCO working on web pages, where I first encountered any server-side programming in a little language called Perl. Photos like these remind me of the great beauty possible in a city some consider ugly and cruel. Not me. Me, I love Los Angeles.Downtown Los Angeles from Griffith ParkThere's an entire blog devoted to the song St. James Infirmary. It's called NO NOTES and is pretty great. It's a testament to the power of the web to provide whole environments where fandom and obsessive scholarship can flourish. I'm a big fan of fansites. If someone has a peculiar obsession, I think that's great.

I first heard this song song done on Saturday Night Live a jillion years ago performed by Lily Tomlin with Howard Shore and his all Nurse Band. It was such a strange song it burned into my memory. I was probably 10 or 12 years old when I first heard it (so, 1980/1982 or so) -either a rerun or in syndication. It's from Season 1, Episode 6 of SNL, 1975.

The song is disturbing, sad, about death, but still has a braggadocio that's really odd. I'm not crazy about the wikipedia entry for the song, but it's interesting nonetheless. The Lily Tomlin version I can't find an online video of, but there are some others on the ubiquitous YouTube. Here's an animated version featuring Coco the Clown over the top of a Cab Calloway version:



And here's the Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo stage show (yes, that Oingo Boingo) covering the song, very much in homage to the Cab Calloway version:



And for yet another take, Cab again, with a more swinging version from 1964. Cab Calloway might be one of the top 10 most watchable musicians ever.

As I said, the song is disturbing. The song's singer is talking about going down to the infirmary where her girl is on a long white table and is "so cold, so fair" -- if not dead, then certainly dying. Then he says she'll never find a sweet man like him. Then he goes into a whole section on his vanity, and how he wants to be buried. The song is sung with a very real emotion. If anything, the fact that the narrator is a cad actually confirms the reality in a way. I find it very moving.

One of the best versions is by Louis Armstrong. That's worth seeking out. The Amazon MP3 store has it. In fact, it has 156 versions of the song.St. James InfirmarySeveral weeks ago, Leah got me a jar of Jelly Bellies for work from CostCo (our houseguests had a membership and we took advantage of it for a wee little while):

Here they are yesterday, at the tail end of their existence:



I like having candy at my desk. Folks come by, they say hello, they hang out. It's cool. Jelly Bellies are a pretty spiffy candy anyway. Yesterday while playing some Munchkin, the jar got finished. I still have some candy at my desk, leftover from the gingerbread-house making back on Thanksgiving, but it's almost all gone. If Christmas brings more candy, I expect I'll have even more to share at my desk.Jelly Belly

Leah and I took a trip to a local Thousand Oaks Ralphs Supermarket -- freeway-close and near the intersection of Moorpark Road and Janss Road -- to get some Christmas essentials -- namely: colored cellophane paper, candy canes, and IBUPROFEN. And what to my wandering eyes did appear, TWO AISLES OF SEASONAL TRAPPINGS. Only, what Season? Perhaps Christmas? Perhaps New Year's? Here we are, December 19th in the year of Our Lord, two-thousand and seven. Guess again, says the Universe. No, not Christmas. No, not two aisles of New Year's hats and noisemakers. The reason for the Season, and a two aisle display of candy and suchlike -- VALENTINE'S DAY.

!!!!!!!!!

My eyes goggled, I went stiff from shock. I pointed this out to Leah. She was stunned. I snapped a photo so I could chronicle this sign of the times in a blog post.

Greetings America! You're crazy!Valentine's Day Display in December (?!?)As of today, three years married for me and Mrs. Leahpeah. It's been, and continues to be, a pleasure. I have a real partner and someone I learn from and who learns from me every day. What a gift from the Universe.

All my love,

JoeHappy Anniversary, LeahpeahHad a great time, and we're wiped out. Here are some vaguely representative photos via a fuzzy phone camera.

This is Leah and Me at a very unflattering angle listening to my Uncle Lee sing at a local church service (Lutheran) he sounded great!



And here's the same uncle and my aunt singing on Christmas Day:



And here's a cousin (Mike) and my Grandma (Jean) and the new in-training puppy (Toby):



That's all I have for photos. I also have a drawing I did as the basis of an ornament for some friends of ours who happen to love Linux and the Ocean. I did it in pen, then a brush pen, then embellished in PhotoShop. Leah and colored the final product with crayons. That's right, we were kicking it like 2nd Grade, baby!



Right now, 9:56pm on Christmas Day in the Year of Our Lord 2007, I want to sleep now.

I bid you peace.Back From San DiegoJohn Scalzi writes a rather moving and rational answer to the eternal questions of "is that all there is?" and "why bother?"

I have to say, it tracks with many of my own philosophies:


Whatever: Reader Request Week 2007 #4: The Inevitable Blackness That Will Engulf Us All
With the exception of the very last of these, theres not that much to be done about it; the universe is not notably sympathetic to our cries that we should be special and eternal. Its nice you feel that way, the universe is telling us, but one day Im going to end and Im going to take you with me. Once you wrap your brain around this simple and unalterable fact -- the fact that not even the universe is getting out of here alive -- the rest of it comes pretty easy. And you realize that to some extent worrying about enduring when your genome will dissolve, your planet will dry up, your sun will engulf your home and every single thing that ever was in the universe will randomly pop out of existence, a particle at a time, is a little silly. This frees you to stop freaking out about what will happen in the future and focus on what the hells going on now.


And I say, life's a gift. Never mind who from, necessarily. Rock out and have a great day!No Thanks, Hopelessness

I like how this animation screwed with my expectations. Supernifty!Happy Holidays!

Something I missed not being in San Diego. Excellent, inspiring, beautiful cover of the one-hit-wonder. The date on the YouTube video is 2006. The band "The Wrong Trousers" is active on their myspace: http://www.thewrongtrousersband.com/. via Waxy, where many good things come fromVideo Killed The Radio StarSo the lore in Los Angeles is that people in Los Angeles can't drive in the rain. It feels so true, everyone says it. Even I say it, and I have lived in enough places to know that things are the same all over.

Anyway, one of my favorite blogs, Militant Angeleno did some research and that research has resulted in the post: Militant Angeleno: Raining, Blaming, Maintaining, Hydroplaning. The upshot, people all over claim their fellow citizens can't drive. It's not unique to Los Angeles in the least. I find myself quite surprised.


The Militant will now provide a (by no means comprehensive) list of sites and blogs from around the country, via his Militant research, which declare the drivers of their respective locales (including some known for frequent precipitation) as people who "Can't drive in the rain."

Richmond, VA

Texas

Maryland

Pittsburgh

Roanoke, VA

The Bay Area

The Bay Area again

Kentucky

Austin, TX (look out, Virginia, you got competition!)

Central AlabamaSouth Carolina, Alaska, Canada and New York

Phoenix

The South

Hawai'i  (A state which is home to the world's rainiest place)

Springfield, VA (Way to go, Virginia!)

and finally...

SEATTLE!

Rain, can't drive in.The Figure 5 in Gold: Charles Demuth's Art & William Carlos Williams' Poem



This has been sitting in draft mode for a few weeks now, and now here's the real thing. I think the first time I ever saw this painting was when I was in the 6th grade in New Orleans. It struck me as beautiful, and mysterious. I always loved making alphabets and seeing the variations in how to create letters: at the time I think I taught myself calligraphy. When we lived in the Philippines we had a section at La Salle Green Hills that was strictly penmanship - we practiced loops and pen control. And I always loved to draw. So, letters -- bubble letters, calligraphy, signage, geometric letters, handwriting, block printing -- all of this was probably swirling in my head when I was confronted with this image. The idea that a letter could be the subject of a painting was probably so strange I had to love it.

Which I do.The Figure 5 in Gold

Originally uploaded by Bill Rini

Bill Rini was in Thailand for Christmas and took a lot of great photos. but I really like this one of a statue of Ronald McDonald with his hands in what I think might be a Buddhist greeting.

Different cultures are different!Ronald McDonaldRetired General McCaffrey's comments about Iraq after doing an extensive weeklong visit there, including leading with leadership and common people are heartening, particularly the bit about healing the moral stance of the Department of Defense. I really like the terse, matter-of-fact style. It reminds me a bit of the style in which Dave Ramsey gives financial advice.


General McCaffrey Iraq AAR (Small Wars Journal Blog)
The leadership of Secretary Bob Gates in DOD has produced a dramatic transformation of our national security effort which under the Rumsfeld leadership was characterized by: a failing under-resourced counter-insurgency strategy; illegal DOD orders on the abuse of human rights; disrespect for the media and the Congress and the other departments of government; massive self-denial on wartime intelligence; and an internal civilian-imposed integrity problem in the Armed Forces -- that punished candor, de-centralized operations, and commanders initiative.

Admiral Mullen as CJCS and Admiral Fallon as CENTCOM Commander bring hard-nosed realism and integrity of decision-making to an open and collaborative process which re-emerged as Mr. Rumsfeld left office. (Mr. Rumsfeld was an American patriot, of great personal talent, energy, experience, bureaucratic cleverness, and charisma -- who operated with personal arrogance, intimidation and disrespect for the military, lack of forthright candor, avoidance of personal responsibility, and fundamental bad judgment.)

Secretary Gates has turned the situation around with little drama in a remarkable display of wisdom, integrity, and effective senior leadership of a very complex and powerful organization. General Petraeus now has the complete latitude and trust in his own Departmental senior civilian leadership to have successfully changed the command climate in the combat force in Iraq. His commanders now are empowered to act in concert with strategic guidance. They can frankly level with the media and external visitors. I heard this from many senior leaders -- from three star General to Captain Company commanders.


via Thomas PM BarnettHealing Moral Fissures at DoD

Here's someone at The Stranger gushing about it. I like it.Lovely Animation: Chinese TranslationThis post by Dave Segovia, who I've mentioned before, VINCENT, THOMAS, and ME has been knocking about in my brain for a few weeks. Much as we worry about the toxins and pollutants and sure as they do us damage, science and medicine end up tasked with correcting the wrongs, they sort of do the job. It's especially moving, somehow, because Dave himself has had a lot of medical procedures.

A quote: "...when living in Modern America caught up with me, after fifty years accumulation of all of the above, and more, and worse, Science and Medicine bailed me out. Psychotropics, organ transplants, blood thinners, beta-blockers, new surgical breakthroughs, and a zillion more advances have and will be there when our naivete' and ignorance catch up with us. Just do our best and have quiet faith in MAN."Quiet Faith in Man
What is wrong with these clowns!?!? Sorting Truth From Campaign Fiction


Mitt Romney says he "saw" his father "march" with Martin Luther King Jr. Rudolph W. Giuliani claims that he is one of the "five best-known Americans in the world." According to John McCain, the Constitution established the United States as a "Christian nation." Ron Paul believes that a "NAFTA superhighway" is being planned to link Mexico with Canada and undermine U.S. sovereignty.

On the other side of the political divide, Sen. Barack Obama says there are more young black males in prison than in college. Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton claims she has a "definitive timetable" for withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. John Edwards insists that NAFTA -- the North American Free Trade Agreement -- has cost Americans "millions of jobs." Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr. boasts about his experience negotiating an arms-control treaty with Leonid Brezhnev.

All those claims, made over the past four months as part of the presidential campaign, are demonstrably false.

With just four days until the Iowa caucuses, the art of embellishment and downright fibbing is alive and well in American politics. But the popularity of blogs, YouTube and information databases such as LexisNexis, along with the 24-hour news cycle, has made it easier than ever for the media and rival campaigns to spot the mistakes and exaggerations of presidential candidates.


via Paul Kedroskys' Infectious GreedPresidential Hopefuls Can't Help Lying

I like this photo by Grace Davis very much. It's from dinner at Olio E Limone prior to going to see Sarah Vowell and David Sedaris perform.From April

Random image, for a not bad year. Lovely mellow night here with the kids, in and out at parties.

HAPPY NEW YEAR Y'ALL!!!Happy New Year!

Back at work, kids will go back soon-ish. A new year has begun in full force. Jobs to be done: get Wii fixed, get out of debt, get a handle on taxes, figure out where Leah and I will live next. I'll ship the Wii today. The rest are nontrivial, but can be managed.Holidays Officially OverFrom The Two Sisters

A diary is all about connecting to the past -- but only through words.  Here, the past was coming together in the present...in actuality!  Two women from the same father, both testing the waters to see if this vague family bond matters in any tangible way.  Who needs Brooklyn hipsters laughing at old diaries when I could witness real life?!

So awesome. I started reading Neil Kramer's blog in the middle of last year, and to be honest I skimmed it. He's a very funny guy, also very real -- in person. I initially found his blog a bit too arch -- too clever clever. But the new strain of authenticity mixed in with the clever clever I really like. I think I even understand the clever clever persona a bit more. You might enjoy reading Citizen of the Month.


Citizen of the MonthInteresting "debate" -- caught one of these links on Reddit:

Con: Ways Credit Card Companies Separate You From YOUR Money

Pro: 25 Reasons to Love Credit Cards

My household is definitely of the "con" variety, with Leah and I working on getting completely out of debt. I'm also an avid Dave Ramsey listener, which further reinforces, and signifies this choice. The "Pro" post is especially weak, especially considering almost all of the things cited as being the province of credit cards can be done with debit cards.Credit Cards: Pro, ConGot a new toy with a gifted Apple Store Gift certificate (a $100 gift cert goes a long way). Just played with it. There will be more with this. I miss my old ADB 6x8 Wacom, but this looks pretty nifty too. The size of the Wacom Bamboo is "small" (not the medium or large) but it seems to work like a Wacom, which is what I was going for. It comes with Painter Essentials 3, which is what I used. Works fine with Windows Server 2003 (don't ask).

Behold, my hastily executed doodle!

Wacom Bamboo Fun (small)Happy Birthday Leah!"Mind the noose and fare thee well." is in my earbuds this morning. Got a lot done so far this morning. Much yet more to do.

TMBG Lyrics for the morning, from Older:


You're older than you've ever been and now you're even older
And now you're even older
And now you're even older
You're older than you've ever been and now you're even older
And now you're older still


Go ahead and watch the video:




Seriously though, Leah's a year older, but still a beacon of awesome.



And also in the vein of awesome, aging, and cool, Professor Sassy Lee "Matt" Sassburton, Esq. and his lovely wife Beth are expecting! I knew Sassy when he was knee high to a pup, or thereabouts, but I'm pleased as punch as I know whatever the sex of the offspring, he or she will be inculcated with a deep knowledge of haberdashery, unit testing, grinding rails, and Simpson's trivia. Leah and I wish the bun in the oven, as well as the bun's parents, only the best.

You know, I had planned this to be a short post, but mayhaps it has a need to be longer. Perhaps I shall address some miscellany. What else has been on my mind, you may endeavor to ask?

They say in social situations to avoid discussing politics and religion. So let's be anti-social and address a bit of both.

Politically, very interesting things are afoot here in these United States. I'm excited to see energy and elevated participation in the Iowa caucuses and in the New Hampshire Primary. Let's run down my opinion of the candidates, at random off the top of my head. The best part will be at the end when I have to look up whoever I forgot and pretend I have an opinion about them.

1. Barack Obama. I like him. He seems to be a straight shooter with upper management written all over him. I like that I my spidey sense doesn't tingle with "Plastic Robot!" when I watch him speak. I would like him to be President.

2. Mitt Romney. "Metallic plastic robot!" But seriously, if I were voting for a CEO, I like him, maybe. I did like that the guy was pro-Gay marriage at one time. That's pretty cool. I nominate him to be manager of my local Fry's Electronics.

3. Dennis Kucinich. Not a robot, and definitely I could sit down and play some Apples to Apples or Rummy with that guy. I would like him to be my Mayor. He cares about stuff.

4. Hillary Clinton. Oi. TOO. MUCH. BAGGAGE. No offense to the baby boomers, but we need to be rid of their ilk in the Executive. We have a baby boomer in the White House now and it's been nothing but trouble. Is this ageist? Sure. Tough! I would like Hillary to be my District Attorney. I don't want her to live in Washington D.C. anymore.

5. Rudy Guiliani. DO NOT WANT. That dude is an opportunistic, xenophobic idiot. Great District Attorney in New York, crappy Mayor. Didn't screw up things for about a week in September, 2001. Screwed up everything since. The cops and firemen who worked for NYC were screwed. And while sometimes you can tell that somebody's doing good if their underlings are unhappy, this does not appear to be the case for Rudy. Also, he's like the Anti-Family man. How many marriages has he screwed up? Who am I to judge, but then, I am not running for President, right? I nominate him for Baseball Commissioner so he can focus on something he can't screw up too much.

6. Fred Thompson. I nominate him to go back to playing lawyers and Congressmen in TV and Film and please stay the hell away from any government that has any jurisdiction over me.

7. Ron Paul. I like that kid! He or whoever is responsible for his campaign totally get the internet, which is wonderful and terrifying. If It were, say, Ron Paul vs. Hillary Clinton in the general election, I would vote for him. I nominate him as Grand Ombudsman and Constitutional Scholar of the United States. I know the title doesn't exist -- maybe he could work for the Office of Budget Oversight or General Accounting Office. I want this guy checking on the legality of what our crazy stupid government is doing. I also think I'd love to spend an evening drinking beer (or whatever, I'd probably have a shandy so I can keep sharp) with the guy. He's smart and a little crazy, and I dig that.

8. John Edwards. Kind of plastic, but I like him. He has an emphasis on helping out the little guy that I really like. Unlike everyone else on the planet, I think trial lawyers rock. They're actually an essential check on idiocy. I wish the court system worked with better speed though. He's like a character from a Scott Turow -- which is apt since he's a lawyer. I nominate him to represent me personally should I get into legal trouble or become a character in a legal thriller.

Here's where I'm not sure who I missed. Let's consult Wikipedia and expose my ignorance to public shame.

9. Mike Gravel. No idea. The fact I've not heard of him can't be good for his campaign though.

10. John McCain. Oh, right, yeah. How could I forget John McCain? I voted for him in the California open primary in what, 2000? I don't think he's the President we need. I find his incredible range of views on the current administration, Iraq, and everything else -- confusing. I liked him better when he appeared to have principles. I nominate McCain to be my neighbor across the street who tells great stories about Vietnam, Congress, and running for President. I look forward to grilling burgers with the guy.

11. Mike Huckabee. I got a soft spot for this guy. He's likeable, funny, and makes terribly funny quips on nearly any TV show he appears on. He's a serious Christian Evangelical, and he's got a sincere streak of feeling for those who are in need. He doesn't think the government should be abolished, a switch from most of the rest of the field. If he were running against, oh, Joe Biden, maybe I'd vote for him. But he's so good on TV. I nominate him to be guest host of the Tonight Show, or perhaps Letterman. I could also see him as School Board Commissioner (but keep him away from the science textbooks!), or, more likely, Governor.

12. Duncan Hunter. Isn't this guy one of those crook Republicans? Oh, no, I'm thinking of Duke Cunningham. I don't know anything about Duncan I can't read on Wikipedia, so I'll abstain from nominating him for anything.

13. Alan Keyes. I nominate Crazy Alan Keyes to make me giggle at his asinine principled positions. I liked him better when he was harmlessly pundit-ing on political talk shows.

Aaaand... That's my election wrap up! I get to vote in the February 5th Election here in the State of California. I encourage all twenty of my readers to vote in this election, even if you don't really think it makes a difference. I think this democracy thing might catch on if more people did it.

This morning I made muffins. This afternoon I had leftover Cobb Salad from Roxy's Deli. Today's a pretty good day by food metrics.

Oh, right religion. Nah, not today. Go enjoy your day. More blogging next week.Older, Still. Random Long Rambling.Kill Ugly Radio | Frank Zappa & Elsewhere  Petition: Aggressive Action by the ZFT


First, read it:

  We the undersigned petition the Zappa Family Trust (ZFT) to cease and desist from making threats of legal action against FZ tribute bands, FZ fan sites, Zappa music festivals and other related activities that are designed first and foremost to honour and promote Franks music, despite not being approved by the ZFT.
  While we applaud the work that the ZFT has done  especially in recent years, with the Zappa Plays Zappa tours and the release of CDs & DVDs such as Buffalo, Wazoo and Baby Snakes  we do not see those threatened by the ZFT as being in any way detrimental to Franks legacy. Indeed, while recognising that there truly can be no real substitute, we perceive any attempt to curb such alternative activities will be more likely to have a detrimental impact on the legacy.

  We consider that the ZFT would be better targeting those who produce and sell Zappa bootleg recordings and pirate memorabilia  of which there are a numerous examples on the Internet. If the ZFT are to unleash the lawyers, they should be aimed at them and not us - the truly devoted fans.



Next: sign it!


Petition: Aggressive Action by the ZFTI'm working with Facebook Apps this week and in looking at it I note that bebo.com apps are roughly compatible with them. So I signed up for Bebo. Anyone else in there? Here's me: http://www.bebo.com/JoeC664Bebo: Yet Another Social NetworkThe image:





Click through to for my speculations on how this happened, though I really have no idea.Bizarre Data-Mining Oddness from SprintA blog I have mentioned before that I enjoy is closing. I hate that. Uncov, the foulmouthed CS-heavy blog. is closing, as an afterthought, Ted writes:

Oh, right. One more thing. This is the last Uncov. Ever. I have been getting tired of it, and this has been manifesting itself in my writing. After seeing the spectacle at the Crunchies, I think it's finally time to quit.

Bummer. I enjoy cranky tech blogs. They're a nice antidote to the pure rah-rah blogs out there. Bye, Uncov.

The End of Uncov

Nothing today. More tomorrow. Photo from two weeks ago.TransitChildren of MenClean and SoberGood Will HuntingThe Killing FieldsRunning on Empty28 DaysMovies Owned Which Can Predictably Induce CryingA) Cute B) Disturbing C) Funny D) All of the above E) Other



via Vintage AdsFound ObjectDouglas Crockford on Change:


Change isn't good enough. The word change doesn't include a direction or an intention. We have had a lot of change over the last seven years. Most of it was in a seriously wrong direction. We will be feeling the effects of that change for decades to come.

I say no more talk about change. We've had enough. What we need is reform. What we need is progress.


Harper's Magazine discusses our President's favorite painting. via kottke

Marc Sageman has a new book out called Leaderless JihadThe Misc For The WeekIf at first you don't succeed.

Retry.

Hey y'all. Getting back in the saddle after not feeling too well. Also, I did a rough draft of my taxes and it looks like we need to save a pile of money or The Tax Man is gonna be mad. But have no fear, we have payment options. Developing.

The internal voice I'm cultivating is the voice that sounds like this fictional character:



... that voice is one so clearly informed by real writing, real recovery, and a real and difficult life that I can scarcely look at the screen without being moved. I'm going to try and get some music by him too. I need to add him to this list. He may have a small part, but it's an inspiring one to me.
Abort, Retry, FailBut rather entertaining.

Not Very Helpful, ReallyThis week I discovered a show called Never Mind the Buzzcocks (episode list, lucimon84 has current episodes)-- a music chat/quiz show from the UK. I found links to a bunch of shows, including ones with Lily Allen and Amy Winehouse. It's quite British, and I don't understand all the current references to TV Presenters, Footballers, shows, etc, but the breadth of the music genres and the span of time of pop music makes the show great. They can go from 1950s skiffle, to Elvis, to The Kinks, The Beatles, Reggae, T-Rex, The Prodigy, Beyonce, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Reggaeton -- you get the picture. It's also funny, often dirty, and dry. I have a soft spot for British Comedy of a certain sort -- French & Saunders, The Young Ones, The Office.

Anyway, one of the artists mentioned was the name Kate Nash, who I'd never heard of. There was a comment whose context was that she was an artist who is "mockney" -- highlighting a middle-class upbringing, but whose accent emphasizes a working class background. I enjoy several songs by Lily Allen, who gets similar criticism, so I thought I'd check out some of Nash's music, and downloaded some. Turns out, it's pretty good. I get the same vibe from it as I remember getting the first time I heard The Smiths -- this is music that is not meant for me. It's not pointed at my cultural context. It's from the UK and belongs there. But somehow, the universality comes through, and despite the strangeness of the accent and the allusions and the word usage, it works. I can't remember the last time I responded to music this way, but it made me pretty happy. I've no idea if this is merely a passing fad, a temporary affectation of my musical taste, but I won't question it for now.

There's a fair amount of videos on YouTube of bad cellphone recordings of her music, here are two official videos, and one recording from a performance at the L.A. Amoeba Records just two weeks ago. Strangely, she came to the States for a very brief period, and is back in Europe now.

Mouthwash:



Foundations:



Mariella (my favorite of her songs so far, it's got an intensity and eccentricity that moves me):

Some Kate Nash for FridayIt's Super Bowl Sunday. I don't care, for despite going to the games of my boys I don't follow it. I do have an interest in the commercials that come out, the internet can provide that to me now (see Mahalo) (Thanks Jason Calacanis)

But that's not really what I want to write about this afternoon. What I want, maybe need, to write about is the rat that I killed this morning.

I've of course covered my fights with Order Rodentia, but while in the past I have only had to deal with the genus Mus, today I had to deal with the genus Rattus.

A week ago I was up really early, not feeling too well -- I was up at about 5am when I saw a small rodent visitor in the kitchen. I made a halfhearted effort to catch it, but they're fast and what kind of hope did I have of catching a rodent with a heavy Ajax technical book? None. A the time I saw him or her, he or she darted so fast I was not really sure what it was. I told Leah that I thought it was a mouse, but larger. I hesitantly told her my suspicion that it might be a rat, but how could it be? It didn't seem of the right size to really be a rat, but then I was a poor judge of the size. Something common to today and that day was that it was raining quite hard each time.

The one bit of knowledge I had was that it was coming out from underneath the dishwasher. So that day I purchased large "tray" type glue traps, as well as some smaller mouse glue traps. Since I knew that it was coming from under the dishwasher I could simply place it under the front of the dishwasher, away from easily getting stepped on by people or by our bird, and maybe make a kill.

I actually have not thought about that one too much, though I occasionally have been hearing a metallic clanking near one of the ducts downstairs sometimes. When I make noise, the noise stops. But this noise is not frequent, so, no harm, no foul. We've had no other evidence than that -- no droppings, no other evidence of rodents since last July.

One thing I feel bad about is that the area under the birdcage we've been laying a garbage bag as a catch for the seeds and shell hulls for the birds food. Cockatiels are messy eaters, and since we have not seen bugs or vermin, and clean up -- oh, biweekly -- we figured it was not a problem. In retrospect I imagine that the smell of these bird food grains were a powerful attractant. Anyway, so that's the background for this morning.

Jukebox JT said back in July, in response to my using glue traps to catch some mice -- he was dead right about this.:

glue traps = bad. Snap traps end the torture in a second. Glue traps prolong the agony for hours, a mouse fighting for its life until it start hemorrhaging and spitting blood.

What's next is pretty grisly. I'll say that the rat is dead, and the area under the birdcage is now clean and will be ever more. You can stop here if you want, otherwise, read on.



This morning I woke pretty early -- maybe 7am, but I went back to sleep, dozing on the couch in our living room, when I was awoken by the bird was squawking and fluttering his wings in his cage, obviously distressed -- I had no idea what it might be, but I heard another sound too, I was not sure what it was. I went to the kitchen to see the horrible sight of the trap in front of the dishwasher containing a large darkly colored rodent, struggling against the glue trap and failing, and making a sound that was horrible. It was hissing loud. In a flash I knew several horrible things. One, I knew that it was indeed a rat I had seen, I had confused and deceived myself about the size of what I'd seen last week. Two, I needed to get this poor creature outside and kill it as soon as possible. Three, I needed to assure that the rat would not escape -- I have had mice elude traps, and I didn't know what the capabilities of this guy might be, and I sure as hell did not want this guy running around m house. I ran upstairs to our bedroom, got on clothes and a baseball bat. I was pretty quiet, but Leah asked me where I was going -- I replied that I had made a capture. Then shoes, I put the flat and the rat in a bag and went outside. I put the whole works it in our trash can, and then smashed the rat. There was more bleeding, and the rat stopped moving, struggling and making any noise.

I came back inside and cleaned up under the birdcage. I sat on the couch and turned on the tv, choked up but not quite crying. Probably coming down from adrenaline. I went and I was delighted that The Blues Brothers was just starting. HBO, so it was unedited. It was a good "spoonful of sugar" to help the medicine go down. Later I did some internet searching and reading about rats. Apparently they go hand-in-hand with mankind.

I don't regret that the rat is dead. I don't regret that I had to kill it. I'm going to look at other kinds of traps again, though I have doubts that a snap trap in that location will be effective, but having a few on hand could not hurt. I will probably deploy some of those inside the duct where I have heard that sound. We live adjacent to a lot of brush, and also are part of a duplex house. Given that I've seen him or her during heavy rain maybe means it's about them finding shelter, and perhaps they're content to stay away other times. I also read that rats are far more suspicious of people than mice. Whereas I've seen mice scuttle about any time, this rat was active when everyone was asleep or being very quiet.

I'll be calling the property management company tomorrow -- I'd like them to take a look at the area under the dishwasher for points of entry and for them to fix it. I can't have rodents in my house. It's not a tolerable situation.

2008 is the "Year of the Rat" according to the Chinese Zodiac. It's supposed to be about material prosperity and cleverness. I am not one for signs and omens, but for some reason, I thought of it while The Blues Brothers were singing Gimme Some Loving.
Year of the RatThe other day I got a comment from Ellen mentioning Jools Holland, who I have indeed heard of, and here's Kate Nash again, singing Foundations from Jools' show. If I haven't warned you before, I'll warn you now, Kate uses salty language.

Kate Nash on Jools HollandToday, California, Vote

(source)Television EtiquetteFascinating video about market, social, evolutionary, genetic economics. Heck, it's about everything. Talk at Google:



via Paul Kedrosky: Michael Shermer on the Mind of the Market
The Mind of the MarketActual comment spam content left on one of the blogs I manage:

Please, do not delete the given message. Money obtained from spam will go to the help hungry to children ugand+

Won't anyone please think of the children?

DeletedThis graf from Paul Ford is evocative for me:

In the late 1980s there was a prevalent nostalgia for the 1950s that made its way into collage culture. That was my first exposure to irony proper; I watched Leave it to Beaver and bought zines with collages of men with pipes and smiling housewives. An escape from the metalhead norms of the neighborhood. At the same time cyberpunk was on the rise, science fiction as pure chaos, styrofoam in the bay and VCRs washing up on the beach, brains filled with silicon, empty buildings. I saw the point of these novels as I sat for hours spinning pixels in DeluxePaint, cutting and pasting. It was nearly impossible back then to get an image into the computer: scanners were exotic, audio recording nonexistent. You had to use the images provided or create your own. The only way for the computer to communicate with the larger world was through the printer, or a modem dialed into a BBS (never for me), or disks copied from friends. I remember spending tens of hours working with one image of Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd that I'd found on some disk somewhere, switching heads, adding third eyes, and so on. Just for the process, to see if I could.

I've felt nostalgia for DPaint before.

I remember that washed-up VCR -- I believe it's from Islands in the Net, which I've mentioned before.


Ah, NostalgiaHappy Valentine's Day Leah!7 Years!

Last week was the 7 year anniversary of my blogging here on artlung.com. I had a hard week last week but I'm tanned, rested and ready. Well, not tanned, but I'm back here anyway.

So I have some questions for you readers, if any. Why do you read ArtLung Blog and when did you start reading this blog? Also, what blogs should I check out?

Thanks!Unsung: 7 Years Blogging

See here, here, here and here.BarcampLA #5: I am going.

Photo by Leah. As our pied cockatiel gets older, supposedly the feathers of his face will get more and more yellow, a process we can see happening slowly with him. It's hard to suss out how much personality he really has. He's not quite like a dog or a cat, where there is true loyalty shown, his motivations and preferences are more subtle than either. He will hiss when he doesn't like something, he will bite if something's happening he does not like, while if he likes something he'll sort of dance around or coo a bit. He's very fun to watch, and having him on my shoulder makes me appreciate the way movie pirates have Parrots on their shoulders. I suppose birds are what people watched before they did before television.Mr. Bird

I had a great time this weekend at BarCampLA5 (barcampla.org). It was a great event, despite some apparent venue hiccups and dramas behind the scenes, plus delays due to traffic from the LA Marathon on Sunday. It went really well, held at the AOL facility in Beverly Hills. Kudos to the planners, particularly Jason Cosper and Crystal Williams -- though an event like this really is made of the people who attend and talk and listen and socialize and sing and question and answer and game and twitter!

On Saturday I overcame my natural inclination to avoid doing talks by snatching a last minute open Session slot and doing a WordPress Birds of a Feather Q and A / Discussion. Thanks to all who attended that for your terrific contributions -- I learned a lot myself and will write that up this week in a separate post. If you blogged about that session please drop me a line via email -- joe [ at ] artlung [ dot ] com.

The same goes for my talk yesterday. Thanks for attending and contributing! I felt it went well. At the end there was a suggestion that perhaps an introduction to building web pages or to using JavaScript might be well received at the next BarCampLA. I'm going to give some thought. Any other suggestions as to what the barcamp audience might like to hear from an aging front-end web developer are welcome. Also, the slides from my talk: YUI 101, are available in PDF form: YUI 101.

Vaughn Hannon blogged the session, albeit briefly! Though I disagree with the spirit of these words: "A short impromptu bashing of Microsoft and Silverlight just took placeits coming, like it or not". I think Silverlight is marvelous and cool, but I feel like in the competitive landscape, what I've learned is that the technologies that are more closed, provide less freedom, and supported by fewer vendors keep losing in the long run unless they get very wide adoption soon. And truth be told, I don't see Silverlight busting out large. I'll add I could be wrong, but the road of web progress is littered with cool technologies that never reached critical mass.

Oh, and I also particularly want to thank Doug Welch for lending me his laptop for my presentation and working hard to get it and the darn projector to talk nicely.

To all the folks I met this weekend and who are here because of this presentation, welcome, and feel free to introduce yourself in the comments on this post. I intend to write up the sessions I attended in another post.

And now, visuals! You can see all the photos I took at this flickr set and in the global flickr space you can search for photos tagged barcampla5. As of this morning it looks like 735 photos were tagged in that way. Lots to look at from a great event. If you look for photos tagged "artlung" you'll find photos of me, and man, I don't like much of what I see. Thank goodness summer is coming. I definitely felt my size this weekend and that has got to change. Oh, and I even took two grainy videos with terrible audio with my cell phone: Original Song by Madeleine Wright and Here's a Quarter by Doug Welch and Madeleine Wright. I can't sing but it was fun hanging out and pretending I could with the guitar-people. I also enjoyed playing a little Rock Band, singing only, of course.

Okay, I have to get in gear. Thanks for visiting, Happy Monday, and more on BarCampLA5 this week!

BarCampLA5, including YUI 101 Presentation Slides

Tom Hanks and David Letterman."Stop Bending the Shafts!!!"An old TV commercial for Atari featuring Carol Channing and Kareem Abdul Jabbar. Those graphics were once amazing.

"Don't Just Watch Television Tonight, Play It!"Todays' Email:

Dear Laurel,Just wanted to ping you on a few great companies in the LA area looking for PHP talent. Let me describe the positions briefly, and Ill include links to more detailed information on my website. If youre interested, you can email your most current resume to [REDACTED] and well see if we can get a match.

From March 5:

Hey Laurel, I just stumbled across your resume in our database and was wondering if you were interested in this opportunity.

My reply:

Dear Recruiters:

I've gotten two of these now, and they both infuriate and entertain me. I am not named Laurel. My surname is not Springs. My first name is "Joe." It matches the email address you have contacted me at: joe (at) artlung (dot) com. My last name is Crawford, not Springs. Perhaps you're confused. In my resume, you can plainly see my name is Joe Crawford. Perhaps in another one I refer to myself as "Joseph Crawford." Also, you can read that in 2006 I had a contract with Laurel Springs School in Ojai, California.

Sadly though, I did not become the owner of that august institution. Neither was I was inspired to change my name to match the school--that would be quite something!! I worked on web applications in ASP and SQL server there. I had quite a nice time working with very nice people. Also, Ojai is very pretty, though it does get warm in the summer.

I appreciate your email very much, but I hope you'll understand that it's very difficult to take you seriously when you and your database have failed so profoundly.

Sincerely,

Joe Crawford
Recruiter FailSome Zevon this morning, from a live recording on the Internet Archive that's pretty good, which I found via UBM:


I can saw a woman in two
But you won't want to look in the box when I'm through
I can make love disappear
For my next trick I'll need a volunteer


And more Zevon:

The moon has a face
And it smiles on the lake
And causes the ripples in time
I'm lucky to be here
With someone I like
Who maketh my spirit to shine


If like me, Daylight Savings Time makes you lust for the Summertime, as it does me, you can see some ocean, along with vital statistics thereto, here: watchthewater.org. I hate that it stops at the Los Angeles County line, because the beaches I like are actually in Ventura County. There is not a like service for VenCo. I've talked about my favorite beach (these days) before.

Water temperatures in my ocean are still in the 56-58 degrees Fahrenheit, so, no go yet. But I did swim at the Calabasas Swim Center yesterday. This morning, I'm achey as hell. I suppose that's normal. Will I go again today? Perhaps. Though I'm a bit concerned about the etiquette required to swim laps properly.

By the way, I really love the California Flag:


If this whole Federal Government of the United States of America thing doesn't pan out, I'm gonna stick with the state that borned me. It's an inspiring design. Perhaps I'll get a T-Shirt with it.

Aw heck, more Zevon:


I was gambling in Havana
I took a little risk
Send lawyers, guns and money
Dad, get me out of this, ha!


Rock and roll is pretty awesome. Lots of power. Yes, it gets corrupted and co-opted and put on soundtracks and commercials -- all of which sucks. But yesterday I was in the car with Tyler he was riffling through my iPod and yes, he found the Postal Service I have, as well as the Ben Folds cover of the song "Bitches Ain't Shit" -- regrettable title and lyrics, but at age 15 he's heard it before. But I was also able to expose him to The Orb's "Little Fluffy Clouds;" Pete Townshend's "Let My Love Open The Door;" and even Motorhead's "Ace of Spades." We also had a nice conversation about Prince, of all people. He was wondering "what the big deal was with him" when he noticed how much of his stuff I have. I pointed out that as a songwriter and musician he's amazing, some even consider him a genius. We played Starfish and Coffee, from Sign O' The Times, then I Could Never Take the Place of Your Man and Controversy to emphasize his musicianship. Then I hit him with "Kiss," which Ty did not know was one of his songs. Then the endpoint was that the guy's been doing this for 30-some years. Pretty coherent argument. He and Tony still like a whole lot of crap nu-prog Rock/Metal, but it's nice to contribute to some music education.

Speaking of which, I really loved the documentary Rock School. No, not School of Rock, though I enjoyed that too. There's a new documentary coming out called Girls Rock!, via Jezebel:



Here's the official website: http://www.girlsrockmovie.com/. Perhaps I'll suggest we seek that one out while it's in theaters down in L.A.

In other and more substantial news, we need to move by April 25th. Our lease it up. We've started looking, though Leah considers it too early to be taken seriously. This week I'm going to call our management company and see what might be done. I think the best possible things can and will happen. I hate moving. Everyone says that, and of course we mean it.

And here endeth the blog post.



Rock, Zevon, Swimming, MovingFrom What Are You Destined to Be ? - Blog Maverick, Mark Cuban writes:

I'm also a big believer that financial debt is the ultimate dream killer. Your first house, car, whatever stuff you might want to buy are going to be the primary reasons you stop looking for what makes you the happiest.

Shades of Dave Ramsey. Loving that Leah and I have managed to put away about $18K in debt in the past year. Of course we're adding more a big IRS bill coming up soon, but we're moving in the right direction and kicking butt.

I saw Mark Cuban interviewed by Jason Calacanis many years ago at an event held by Digital Coast Reporter/Silicon Alley Reporter down at the Director's Guild facility on Sunset Boulevard. Mark was great and surprisingly laid back. Inspiring, even.

That reminds me, that was also the event where I walked by Shaquille O'Neal. That guy is tall and makes other uses of the word "tall" seem silly by comparison.Debt: Ultimate Dream KillerLeah has been doing some painting and it's pretty great. Here's a set of paintings that are for sale:

Leah, PaintingThe completely appropriate title on this post from over in Vintage Ads is "Banana Hell."

Enjoy.

"Banana Hell"The Wire ended. It was awesome.

Some further reading: Heaven and Here: So Thiis Is How It Ends; The Wire: David Simon Q & A (long and really excellent); Undercover Black Man: The End of the Wire; and lastly Memo to Casting Agents: Please dont waste actors from The Wire.

As Daniels says: "To be continued."The Wire EndsA colleague of mine here at work is in search of evidence of his biological father's existence. Because he knows I'm a big internet data mining nerd he asked for my help, and in turn I ask you for help. Here's the information he provided me:

During a Dodger game during the 1965, 1966, or 1967 Seasons, he was carried out on a stretcher, having suffered a kidney stone during the game. His full name is purported to have been Paul Ronald Ryan, though this is not certain. He would have been, 70 years old this year, putting his year of birth at about 1937. It's possible this man is still alive, though this also is not certain. It was said that he was born in New York, again, not a certainty.

That's it. His mother is not alive. My colleague has contacted the LA Times and Dodger Stadium but has not heard back yet. He has not sought out his father with any seriousness and now wants to. Please contact me via email or comment on this post if you have ideas or suggestions.

Please feel free to pass this along or crosspost this item.
Seeking "Paul Ronald Ryan" from Dodger Game, 1960s

I have never donated money to a political campaign in my life, but last month I donated fifteen bucks to Obama. Next time we're a bit flush I'm going to do it again. It's time for someone with a different emphasis; it's time to not elect someone because a family member of theirs has been President before. This is not a family business, it's the Presidency. Nepotism sucks. Whatever happened to the ideal and goal of meritocracy?

Previously.Obama is still ahead

I have some backlog stuff, as per usual. This weekend to catch up? I hope so.

Last night I went to the SIGGRAPH Los Angeles event held at the EA facility in Marina del Rey. Devon was supposed to attend with me but he ended up distracted by girlfriend. The Electronic Arts building, or rather set of buildings, was very nice -- they had a little arcade, and a gym, basketball courts, and security all around. It actually reminded me a bit of the franchulates from Snow Crash, how hermetically sealed up from the rest of the community the place was.

The topic was digital acting. In brief, it examined the challenges of creating digital, directable animated charaters, in both linear media and in games. The emphasis on artificial intelligence was a bit of a surprise, I hadn't thought about how much behavior gives a sense of "reality" to the world. And behavior is inevitably complex and hard to model. It was fascinating stuff and had me thinking about the challenges of making NPC (non-player characters) in a game.

I've been attending SIGGRAPH events in various places since the 1990s. In the presentations folks would indicate when their "first SIGGRAPH" was. Not that you're interested, but mine was in 1995. On the nametag (which I still have) I wrote my occupation as "FILM/COMPUTER GRAPHICS STUDENT." Mind you I was only toying with the web at the time as a consumer. I was learning PhotoShop and taking classes at UCLA Extension at the time. Out of all that curiosity about how computer graphics were done in movies, science fiction, computers, programming -- I ended up in the web. And the rest, is history.

Even though my day to day life has gone more toward code and less toward graphics, I've kept up with local chapters of SIGGRAPH ever since that first SIGGRAPH.

Next month the topic is Automobile Visualization, and I wonder if my buddy Chris might want to attend that one.

The drive home was nice. I drove PCH. The big wide ocean is so large and so dark at night. The crescent moon shone down on it. I listened to danah boyd on an audio podcast from Harvard which had my mind racing over many topics.

There is an interesting intersection between games and social media and I'm not sure what that ends up looking like.
Goings On; EA; SIGGRAPH

Dave Stevens has died of leukemia. Remembrances all over the comics blogosphere this morning. Here are a few: THE BEAT, Mark Evanier, Rob Ullman, Drawn!.

I remember seeing The Rocketeer graphic novel in the mid-1980s and being astounded with the intricacy and delicacy of the design and artwork. Dave was a consummate artist and he, and his work, will be missed.Dave Stevens: 1955-2008I'm moved by this because it speaks to my own feelings about government: Email exchange :: Thomas P.M. Barnett :: Weblog:


A lot of people out there convinced they are completely powerless in this world and that we're being sucked into wars with no forethought. It's a sad commentary on where we are right now as a nation that average citizens are so distrustful of their government, believing that it suppresses intelligence or doctors it, sensing that debates are being squelched or hidden from public view when they shouldn't be--just a strong sense of betrayal.
As somebody who's worked all over the national security community over the past 18 years, meeting more people than I can remember, I know there tends to be wings and factions on every issue, and that, under normal conditions, they duke it out in the best interest of the country. Average citizens tend to see too many movies and not read enough material that accurately describes the day-to-day workings of things, so their images of decision-making tend to be very dark and nefarious. Nixon's administration had created a lot of that bad feeling--that sense of hopelessness. It's sad to see people feeling this way again. It's depressing.


I continue to enjoy Barnett. He's writing a third book. I suppose given how much I think about his ideas, and pass them along, I should read one of his darn books!

Previously, previously, previously, previously.
T.P.B. Barnett comments on citizenry's distrustIt occurs to me that if rotary telephones were put in back service they'd have to repeat this public service message.



You can put your SIM card in a rotary phone, you know. Portable Rotary Phone - Black.

And here's an art piece that represents a USB rotary dialer. If i used VOIP I would want to buy this.



The exhibition was called dialog05 / universal connections

How to Dial a Telephone (1927)I'm a sucker for seeing how things get made -- "how do they do that?"

So seeing photos over on Rick's blog of Joe Bennion throwing some of his pottery -- well -- I was blown AWAY! Really wonderful to see the work being done. And Joe has even more photos over on his blog.





Joe Bennion does beautiful work.



Joe Bennion's PotteryNice essay in the Village Voice: village voice > news > David Mamet: Why I Am No Longer a 'Brain-Dead Liberal' by David Mamet


The Constitution, written by men with some experience of actual government, assumes that the chief executive will work to be king, the Parliament will scheme to sell off the silverware, and the judiciary will consider itself Olympian and do everything it can to much improve (destroy) the work of the other two branches. So the Constitution pits them against each other, in the attempt not to achieve stasis, but rather to allow for the constant corrections necessary to prevent one branch from getting too much power for too long.

Rather brilliant. For, in the abstract, we may envision an Olympian perfection of perfect beings in Washington doing the business of their employers, the people, but any of us who has ever been at a zoning meeting with our property at stake is aware of the urge to cut through all the pernicious bullshit and go straight to firearms.


It turns out I think David Mamet's Rabbi is awesome. It's a heckuva challenge to see things as others might see them, and to care about the tone of discourse.

via the excellent Open Culture blogDavid Mamet on politics and reevaluating positionsOne of my favorite things is sending that last payment of a debt. The other day I got to do that and, while putting it in the mail is gratifying, having the check clear is even better.

This morning I checked the bank account to see what has cleared, and found several cleared checks from the past weeks. The one I sent off earlier in the week that was debt completion was there. Some I can tell from the amount, this one I had to look at. So I do. And what do I see? I see that the bottom right corner of the check includes a little smilie! How's that for cute?

I took a little screen capture of it:



Mind you, I don't recall if the images of previous cleared checks included this little "THANK YOU" and smilie.

But I have to admit, I smiled. For the tiny smilie, partly. And for the little zero I get to add to the debt snowball spreadsheet.

Rock on my peoples.The Smilie of a Completed DebtI was radar gunned by the Los Angeles County Sheriff in Malibu on my way to work. Got a pass because I was with the pack.

The day is beautiful. The Pacific was blue, shimmering, calm and inviting. If only the water temperature were higher. Ah well, no matter -- yesterday I went swimming at a public pool in Malibu. It was windy but nice. I managed not to die, which was awesome. I was doing sprints and also did some breath-holding doing laps. I thought my head might explode but I made it across clean twice without breathing. As a younger person swimming underwater was easy as pie and I could hold my breath much longer. Working on conditioning is the thing. I want to have better stamina to enjoy the waves when the ocean temperature is in the range.

Half-considering just going in even if it's in the 50's Fahrenheit, though I doubt I'll last long in there.

On the way home I got a call from my folks. My Mom's new oral regimen of chemotherapy, meant to be taken daily, had too many side effects so she will cease and regroup. An appointment has been made to see the lead Chemo Doc to see what strategy is next (new drug? new dosage? new scheduling? live with side effects?). It was great to talk to my folks and sister.

Have I mentioned that my sister is getting married next month? Leah and I are flying out to Washington DC and it should be great. We're all very happy for her. Her fiancee is a great fellow who I shall be proud to call brother-in-law.

In other family news, I helped Dev do his taxes (first time ever!) using TurboTax. He was very pleased and he'll be applying his refund to paying off some of his own debt. I have to say I was pretty darn middle-aged and stepdaddish, helping him do his taxes. He had lots of questions as he went through their wizards. He actually had some 1099 income, W-2 income, and educational expenses. He also can no longer be claimed as a dependent on his father's taxes so it's really his thing now. He's figuring his stuff out and I'm proud of him. I may not agree with all his decisions but he's becoming his own man and he listens to counsel with earnestness. He's got to be himself.

The kids and their Dad and Stepmom are all going to Spain this week and next so we'll miss them but I gave Al my super-portable Spanish/English dictionary. I hope they have a great time. I entirely forgot that they'll be there during Holy Week. That should be impressive for them. Leah and I feel a tinge of envy wishing we could do that kind of big trip -- but that won't be financially in the cards for probably three years or so. Hard to remember that we have plenty to provide even if money-wise we're in a different position. Regardless, we're taking care of business and them in the way we are able.

Thankful for reconnecting with Al. I'm also very glad to have never been and never having to be a teen girl. That's a job I'd never want. Mind you, I used to suction sputum from people's noses and mouths and airways, and I would prefer that to being a teen girl. Like Devon, and yet very differently, Alex is figuring out her stuff and I'm very proud of her and her accomplishments. We attended an awards ceremony and she was lauded as being supportive of the other kids and a standout. She is definitely that. I'm proud of the young woman she's becoming.

Made some mix CDs for a buddy of mine over the weekend. That was a blast. It was all cover songs. I hope they will be enjoyed. I would post a tracklisting but I don't want to spoil it for him. I may post a track list later on.

And with that, the week commenceth.

And hey, for old times, onward.
File under: Stepdad Pride, Swimming, Otherthe first via Six-Word Reviews of 763 SXSW Mp3s by Paul Ford

Bridget Bardot by Creature

the second via Undercover Black Man:

Everyone I Know is Listening to Crunk by Lightspeed Champion

lyric sample:
my drawings are starting to suck
my best friends are all listening to crunk
i feel like the world's gone crazy

Go listen.

Two Awesome SongsSome more SXSW music: Robot Ponies by Laura Barrett

It's a wonderful science fiction pop song. There is one curse word, in case that bugs you.

Sample lyrics:

christmas eve, 2053
underneath every little girls tree
a robot pony
comb their soft and luscious nylon fur
listen close
hear their clockwork hearts whir
robot ponies
they feed on plastic bags
cut up like lettuce
right out of your hand
things get out of hand
unless you use one of seven preset functions
to make them understand
make them understand
you know best
you know best

choose between seven pony types
some like swimming
we made those babies air-tight
robot ponies


This one is plaintive yet hopeful, funny and downbeat.

I enjoy a science fiction pop song sometimes.

Previously.Robot PoniesAuthor's note, I started drafting this several months back and never finished it. I share it now because what the heck else will I do with it? It's like a story with no end. A burrito with no tortilla. A car with no gas. Enjoy.


So the other night I could scarcely sleep, and what I did instead is install a new video card in my own main home Windows machine. That machine runs Windows Server 2003 for reasons that continue to mystify me. Really I intend to convert to Ubuntu on this box, but that transition feels like it will be difficult and I don't need that noise, jack.

I was prompted to install hardware because several months ago we ditched the last of our CRT (cathode ray tube) monitors and went flatscreen. This is better for the environment energy-consumption-wise and saves physical space. I in particular got a cheapo-widescreen Optiquest monitor ($200! less with a rebate!) -- the model is Q20wb, an Optiquest.

I had used it on my aging Mac G4 computer and it looked great, but a few weeks ago I decided to switch the widescreen to the Windows box since, as the G4 ages, it gets more cumbersome to get real work done. The problem was I could not, with the video card and drivers I had set up in Windows, drive the widescreen. Instead it could do some random resolution, so that the screen, instead of looking nice at 1680 x 1050 pixels, was at something like 1280 x 1024. On a widescreen monitor, this meant that everything was scrunched vertically. This could not stand! So I switched back for a while and bided my time.

I asked my stepson Devon if he had any stray video cards, hoping I could buy one of his castoffs for $10 bucks. The young man always seems to have stray hardware from building game PCs. Sadly, no dice. However, he did provide me with this link on NewEgg to HIS  Radeon 7000 64MB PCI Video Card. I hemmed and hawed for a few weeks, tried many different drivers, and never got a satisfactory result. Well, I splurged last week and bought it, and it arrived this week.

But when I installed it, I would boot and the screen was simply blank. No nothing. No dice. I could hear it booting.

I messed around with the net and eventually found this answer.


Of course, there are no permanent links on the ABSOLUTELY STUPID ATI SUPPORT SITE so whatever that link was is now lost to history.

I got it working but I was up all night and had to do some counterintuitive crap -- I think I had to use Safe Mode then do some silliness. It was a big dumb nightmare and clearly I had the urge to write about it but perhaps it was too painful to revisit the steps I took. Thats' my throry.

The lesson of this post, incomplete as it is, is this: HARDWARE SUCKS. HARDWARE SUPPORT WEBSITES SUCK. WINDOWS SUCKS.

I'm glad I could be of service.

The Thing with the Video Card

So this year my driver's license expired, and so I renewed it and I had to kiss my party trick good-bye. I used to love proving I once had hair to my waist by whipping this lovely photo out.

No longer, my latest license just has a standard issue terrible photo.

I suppose I could aim at 2013 to have long hair again, though it would be quite a bit grayer by then.

My birthday was quite mellow yesterday. Leah sang to me and gave me cake and it was just fine.

This weekend we'll try and go out.

Also coming up this weekend: looking for a place to live! Fun. Which is to say, not really very fun.Driver's License Party Trick, Goodbye

On my way home from Geek Dinner was stopped by big rig on fire on the Westbound 118 in Porter Ranch near Tampa exit. big rig was engulfed in flame and it was supposedly to do with a wrong-way driver, that's what KNX1070 radio said anyway. It was some impressive fire that actually included the hillside. I actually was with the group of cars that came on it initially and we had to turn around and go to the prior exit.Big truck on fire on 118 WestThe other night at Geek Dinner I met Eric from Hollywood MobMov. He's looking for sites for Mobile movies. He needs parking lots with 50 spaces with flat large walls adjacent. This sounds like so much fun to me! I signed up for the list. I like the idea of stuff like Cinespia (cemetery screenings of movies) Insominac Cinema (midnight movies). Mobile movies is in that zone. Here's what the website says:

What is the Mobile Movie?
We are the global guerrilla drive-in movement bringing back the forgotten joy of the great American drive-in. Thanks to the wonders of modern technology, what used to be a dark and decrepit warehouse wall springs to life with the sublime sights and sounds of a big-screen movie. Best of all, the MobMov is free.




Hollywood Mobile MovieToday I am 38 years old. I think it will be a lovely day.

Followed up on some emails from Geek Dinner the other night and I'm reminded that I have yet to transcribe my notes from BarCamp which is rapidly fading from memory.

Borrowed the collected DC: The New Frontier from Jukebox and enjoying it. Halfway through it. I enjoyed the animated movie version of it -- wasn't blown away, but it was well done. The comic seems to have a bit more nuance, but they're pretty faithful to each other.

Many birthday wishes coming in via email and FaceBook, and I got calls from my folks yesterday, plus my parents-in-law too. I even got a text message from Tyler the other day, though the kids are on vacation out of the country and without cell phones (presumably to avoid horrendous international roaming and data charges) this week.

Oh! Gift, today I gave myself the gift of donating some money (a whole $20!) to the Obama Campaign. Why don't you do the same? The guy is clearly the most qualified, level-headed, smart person among the three on offer at the moment. I like him a lot. So, really, donate!

Let's get this day started, eh?

UPDATE

Previous birthday posts: Today is: National Corndog Day, also my Birthday and Useless Information About My B-Day

And I totally forgot: it's Won't You Wear a Sweater? Day

In honor of what would have been Mister Rogers 80th birthday on March 20, Mr. McFeely  aka David Newell, the public relations director for Family Communications, Inc. (the nonprofit company founded in 1971 by Fred Rogers)  has a special request.

"Were asking everyone everywhere  from Pittsburgh to Paris  to wear their favorite sweater on that day," he asks in his best speedy delivery voice. "It doesnt have to have a zipper down the front like the one Mister Rogers wore on the program, it just has to be special to you."

Back in 2000, at EduPoint when we played Quake III my handle was "JoeSweater." I was even more identified with wearing a sweater then than I am now. I think I stole a red sweater from my Grandfather when I was maybe 13 and the habit has stuck. Today perhaps I'll wear the red one.

Okay, now the day can begin.Thirty-Eight TodayI mentioned making some mix CDs the other day for a friend of mine. I'm pretty sure it has arrived by now, and here are the tracklistings behind the jump. The format is
Number - Title . . . Artist [Originator/Populizer]



Cover Up
Compiled by Joe Crawford
20080315

1 Rocket Man . . . Kate Bush [Elton John]
2 Wuthering Heights . . . The Puppini Sisters [Kate Bush]
3 Jumpin' Jive . . . Joe Jackson [Cab Calloway]
4 St. James Infirmary . . . Cab Calloway [American folk song/ traditional]
5 I'll Fly Away . . . Alison Krauss & Gillian Welch [Albert E. Brumley* / Baptist hymm]
6 Gin and Juice . . . The Gourds [Snoop Doggy Dogg]
7 Toxic (live) . . . Nickel Creek [Britney Spears]
8 Seven Nation Army (live) . . . Kate Nash [White Stripes]
9 Umbrella . . . Mandy Moore [Rhianna]
10 Since U Been Gone / Maps . . . Ted Leo [Kelly Clarkson / The Yeah Yeah Yeahs]
11 Blister in the Sun . . . Adrienne [Violent Femmes]
12 In Between Days . . . Ben Folds [The Cure]
13 Deuce . . . Lenny Kravitz [Kiss]
14 I'm Down . . . Beastie Boys [Beatles]
15 I Fought the Law . . . The Clash [Bobby Fuller]
16 Truckin' . . . Dwight Yoakam [Grateful Dead]
17 Don't Think Twice, It's All Right . . . Bryan Ferry [Bob Dylan]
18 I Don't Like Mondays . . . Tori Amos [Boomtown Rats]
19 God Only Knows . . . Jonatha Brooke [Beach Boys]

My Cover's Blown
Compiled by Joe Crawford
20080315

1 Walking On The Moon . . . Sly & Robbie with Amblique [The Police]
2 California Stars . . . Billy Bragg & Wilco [Woody Guthrie*]
3 I Will Survive . . . The Puppini Sisters [Gloria Gaynor]
4 Baker Street . . . Foo Fighters [Gerry Rafferty]
5 MacArthur Park . . . Negro Problem [Richard Harris**/Jimmy Webb*]
6 Dear Prudence . . . Siouxsie & The Banshees [The Beatles]
7 Jump . . . Aztec Camera [Van Halen]
8 Guantanamera . . . Los Lobos [Jose Fernandez Diaz*/traditional]
9 Moonshadow . . . Mandy Moore [Cat Stevens]
10 Inside And Out . . . Feist [Bee Gees]
11 Don't Fence Me In . . . David Byrne [Cole Porter*]
12 Hotel California . . . Gipsy Kings [The Eagles]
13 San Jose . . . Frankie Goes to Hollywood [Dionne Warwick**/Bacharach & David*]
14 Friend Of The Devil . . . Lyle Lovett [Grateful Dead]
15 Baby Got Back . . . Jonathan Coulton [Sir Mix-A-Lot]
16 Murder By Numbers . . . Frank Zappa [The Police]
17 Jessica . . . They Might Be Giants [Allman Brothers Band]

Legend: songwriter* popularizer**
Tracklisting: Cover Up and My Cover's Blown

You know, people have made fun of this invention, some even have derided it as cruel. However, I can see some dogs I have known kind having fun. Maybe only for short trips, I admit.

And I'm certainly sympathetic to the fact that dogs can wreak havoc inside a car, as a distraction, making trouble.

Clearly, this is not a product that stood the test of time.

viaDog in a Sack

via UBM.

and previously.Even More David Simon
Literature that is not the breath of contemporary society, that dares not transmit the pains and fears of that society, that does not warn in time against threatening moral and social dangers -- such literature does not deserve the name of literature; it is only a facade. Such literature loses the confidence of its own people, and its published works are used as wastepaper instead of being read.


via Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn in Wikiquote.

The more I hear about artists and writers who operated inside the USSR towards the end, the more I see the way art in the USSR has things to teach us about the US today. I wonder if The Wire, being so lauded and yet so unpopular, falls into that category. The people may only want to see the facade in their art. This worries me. So how to strive for authenticity and truth?

I know, hard questions. No answers.

Onward.


Quote by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn

via Jason Scott. visit GET LAMP for more information.Get Lamp

I enjoy having candy at my desk. My co-workers like it too. The lesson on these Starbursts is that the tropical flavored ones have wrappers that look just about the same as the regular ones, but they just don't taste good enough, and taste too different from the regular that they are surprising in a bad way.

So, no more tropical Starbursts.

In other, more substantial and important news, Leah and I found a rental on the other side of town -- I think we're finally going to have the space we need for the family. We're in a 3 bedroom duplex and we'll be moving -- assuming we get it -- into a 4 bedroom house with a nice back yard and a little deck and some view. Cross your fingers that the credit checks and background checks and whatnot go well. We really like the realty guy we're dealing with -- straight shooter, go-getter, and several other peppy terms apply to him. Dropped off the paperwork to him on Monday.

So how'd we do it? On Saturday we drove around where we want to live, every street, every cul-de-sac, looking for signs. The ones on craigslist and online typically have folks interested already. I drive around as safely and quickly as possible, up every street, keeping track of where we've been and basically "learning the map" as though I were starting a level in a first-person shooter. Leah is my RIO (that stands for Radar Intercept Officer) and we look for signs and symptoms of rentals and leases. We look at all the signs. Sometimes it's just a "this house was just painted by Acme Painting Co." -- and usually it's "this house is for sale"  -- but sometimes it's a "for rent" or "for lease" sign. And that's what we wanted. So we did that for about 3 hours Saturday morning and got 5 great leads, including three I know have not shown up online. It was a great, productive morning.

Later on we drove down the coast from Oxnard to Malibu. It was a beautiful drive, and we kept our eyes out for people in the water without wetsuits. The water temperature is still in the fifties -- but Spring Break brings out the bathers and I just might be crazy enough to go into the water at that temperature. Summer can't come fast enough as far as I'm concerned.

Later on, we had lunch and saw paparazzi, as Leah chronicled.

Easter was chilled out without the kids around, but in a good way. We're looking forward to them getting back from their trip with their dad.Desk Candy; Rental; SaturdayI have met Chuck. He belongs to Dooce and Blurb and Leta. He is awesome. Here's how awesome he is.

The photos are particularly awesome.Raccoon Hound!Really, an exegesis of the concept of a bad movie. Joe Queenan's review of "The Hottie and the Nottie" entitled: From hell from UK's The Guardian:

This brings me to my major point. To qualify as one of the worst films of all time, several strict requirements must be met. For starters, a truly awful movie must have started out with some expectation of not being awful. That is why making a horrific, cheapo motion picture that stars Hilton or Jessica Simpson is not really much of an accomplishment. Did anyone seriously expect a film called The Hottie and The Nottie not to suck? Two, an authentically bad movie has to be famous; it can't simply be an obscure student film about a boy who eats live rodents to impress dead girls. Three, the film cannot be a deliberate attempt to make the worst movie ever, as this is cheating.

He names the worst film ever. I won't spoil it for you.

Finest Bad Movie Review EverMaybe it really is a YouTube generation. These are some impressive numbers for the viewings of the speeches for the Obama Campaign:

Here's the source: Welcome to the age of the sound blast by Micah L. Sifry and Andrew Rasiej on Politico.com. via Craig Newmark for Huffington Post in turn via NewsGang twitter feed.


So far, Obama's videos have been viewed more than 33 million times on YouTube.com  and that's not counting partial views, since YouTube only reports a full viewing as a view. His campaign has uploaded more than 800 video clips, and adds several more a day.

If you just look at his ten most viewed videos, here are some astonishing facts:

The average number of views for these top ten is currently more than 1.1 million (nearly double the average from a month ago!)The average length of these ten videos is 13.3 minutes.There have been nearly 3.9 million views of the longest of Obama's most popular videos, his "A More Perfect Union" speech on race in America.

By contrast, Hillary Rodham Clinton's YouTube numbers are nowhere as impressive as Obama's  a sign of her failure to understand and embrace the new medium than anything else. She's garnered about 10.5 million views, but the average length of her top ten most viewed clips is only two minutes. Several of her top ten videos are actually 30-second TV ads, in fact.


I watched the speech on race, and subscribed to the Barack Obama videos feed at http://www.youtube.com/user/BarackObamadotcom.People are listening to speeches... by ObamaSo we got a phone call yesterday that we got the house where we're going to live next. Having this settled (even in the absence of paperwork, which we'll do today) is a great load off our minds. Once again the wisdom of simply driving around where you want to live and looking for signs kicks the ass of fancy internet web searches. I wish it were not so, but it is so.

What else, went swimming yesterday again (YAY!) and I'm again sore this morning. So what'll I do? Well, probably go again today. And be more sore tomorrow? It's probably a good sign that I'm sore after swimming. I know I'm using muscles I've been out of the habit of using. I think that must be an objective good for my health. I think.

It's pretty great to get back in the water. Though really it's a second-class version of going in the ocean, and I check http://watchthewater.org/ daily for water temperatures.

A few complaints about that site: it's overdesigned and too heavy in adornment, it's not simple to navigate, it does not include the water temperatures of Ventura County beaches.

And some praise for that site: it's got data! hooray for water temperature data, I like that it has some maps, I like that it's got some webcams of some of the beaches.

When I think about my complaints about watchthewater.org I think about creating a custom stylesheet or a Greasemonkey script that improves it.

Hurm. Is that it for the morning? I suppose that's it for now. I think I've blogged every day this week. A trend? A blip? An outlier? Who can say?

Indeed, who can say. And moreover...

ONWARD.

Hah! Kicking it old school.And Then...If I haven't mentioned it before, I'll mention it now, I have done some with with jQuery. It's impressive stuff. I quite enjoyed watching this talk by jQuery creator John Resig: JavaScript Talk at Northeastern. Perhaps you will too.


JavaScript Geekery: John ResigThis morning I upgraded this blog to WordPress 2.5.

For the time being I'm going to keep a generic theme while I learn some stuff about the new version.

via Zeldman.Upgraded to WordPress 2.5I quite like this approach to bring attention to conferences with poor gender diversity, by Dori Smith of Backup Brain:

Given that I've been ranting about this issue for several years now (boy, time flies when you're having fun, don't it?) and nothing has changed, I figured I'd try something new this time: creating a group on Upcoming.org called Needs Women Speakers. Feel free to join, and once you've joined, you can add "Needs Women Speakers" as a tag to any conference you see where you think it's applicable.

Folksonomy-as-ActivismSeveral months ago I donated money to Dorothy, the super-duper-awesome cartoonist of Cat and Girl -- she has this thing called "Donation Derby":

Support my lavish lifestyle! Donate $5 or more and I'll draw you a picture of how I spend it. Include your address and I'll mail it to you.

The other day, my donation turned into a comic, and I got a copy in the US mail too! Yay!



Yes, I have mentioned Cat and Girl before, twice I think.

If you want a collection of Donation Derby comics, you can buy $8228.40 and a Metrocard.Cat and Girl Donation Derby!Hey Cool! There's a new Ronny Vardy Etsy Store and I made a note of it. I've been a fan of her work since 2001 or so. Since then, I did this strange thing many years ago and started a Ronny Vardy Fan Site. I can only update sporadically, but I enjoy when I can.

New Ronny Vardy Etsy Store"It's on Like Donkey Kong"

- Jessica Kinni, from the appalling and enjoyable Rock of Love II

UPDATE: Please note, she did not originate this phrase. Thanks Jukebox!Quote of the DayDid you know that today is Cesar Chavez day? It is. I don't reference my heritage as a person of Mexican descent very often, if at all. My mother's side of the family practiced assimilation. The kids were discouraged from learning Spanish. The story I was told was that my maternal grandparents (now both deceased) did not pass along Spanish to their kids. They used Spanish when they wanted to clandestinely talk about things such as Christmas gifts. Few of my aunts speak Spanish as a result.

As for my own identity, I am not sure what to make of my own "race." I'm not typically interested in anyone else's race, though I'm fascinated by others' conceptions about race. I am fond of the notion that race is a human invention. As such, it's in my interest to be aware of how people self-identify and what that means to them. I have thought a great deal, and been confronted several times with how people look at me.

I recall, at age 21, taking care of a patient at the University of Virginia Medical Center -- I was giving a breathing treatment to a patient -- after the treatment I was taking his pulse and we got to chatting a bit. I revealed I was originally from California, and he asked me if I was Mexican. I said, my family hails from Mexico partly. This prompted him to say to me "you're a beaner then!"

I had no idea how to respond to that. I still don't. It stunned me, I remember that. The man's affect was pleasant, but that term was in my mind deeply racist. I had no idea how to react to it. It's one of my memories that I think of sometimes, despite myself.

When I'm confronted with choosing a "race" on demographic surveys I typically decline to state. I used to check two boxes, one for white, one for hispanic or latino. I had a boss once who was very excited that I was partly hispanic because it was good for the diversity numbers. I cringed at that and asked this person not to use me for that since I did not grow up disadvantaged. I still don't know if my status was used in that way.

Much earlier in my life, when we lived in the Philippines I was one of maybe a dozen "white" kids in a school that encompassed thousands of kids, La Salle Green Hills. We were the oddball kids, very exotic, and most of us ignorant of Tagalog and Filipino culture. I didn't exactly feel picked on, but at ages 7 to 9 I felt how different I was. Out on the street it was even stranger. That country was deathly poor. These were the years of the reign of Ferdinand Marcos and martial law. When we were on the street beggars, including kids would come up to us in a steady stream which was strange and dismaying. It didn't help that the standard name to call an American, since the time of the Second World War was "Joe" -- as in "G.I. Joe" -- so whenever the poor would beg from us they were saying "Joe, Joe, Joe." Being an expatriate kid opened my eyes to so much, ir probably warrants a post of its own. Perhaps someday.

I don't think I've written about any of these things in the past. I have a tendency to push back against any kind of racist terminology or thinking. Most recently, I pushed back (read: overreacted) on my kids in this 2006 post: "The Extra Bone Bet."

I'm not sure what else to say about race.

http://www.chavezfoundation.org/
http://chavez.cde.ca.gov/
wikipedia

Race & Cesar Chavez Day

9/11 Conspiracy Theories 'Ridiculous,' Al Qaeda SaysSomething from The OnionI'm not sure how many of you have fond memories of the movie Tron, but I do. I recall going with my uncle to some office to play "Adventure" -- an early (1983) text adventure game. My uncle was friends with various folks in electronics manufacturing in the early 1980s in San Diego. So I remember one of the guys pointing out a computer -- something running PDP-10 -- they they said "was the computer they used to make Tron." I was highly impressed. I think I thought it was the computer, but I think they meant that it was running the same software as the creators had used. The Tron wikipedia page indicates that the machine they used was the Super Foonly F-1.

I had used computers already. In Grade 8 at School of the Madeleine in San Diego we had an Apple II Plus. I think mostly we were allowed to play Oregon Trail as a reward for finishing something early. This is indeed how I know what it means when someone has a t-shirt that says "You have died of dysentery." I also remember writing the most basic of Apple Basic programs. GOTO and PRINT and maybe some basic LOOPS and IFs. Nothing I remember terribly well.

It was also in about 8th grade that (thanks mom and dad!) my parents bought me a TI-99/4A computer, which I loved and was I wrote about ten years ago. I had a lot of fun with that machine and it was when I first started programming.

I even drew that machine for a drawing class in 9th grade. It's a study in perspective, but really, the subject is that computer. All the details are devoted to the computer. I could care less about the rest of the room:



Back to Tron, On Drawn! Cartooning and Illustration Blog I saw an excellent stop-motion animated short film of a short sequence from Tron. It's super!



Link: Tron by freres-hueon

Aside: Super Foonly F-1 is the coolest computer name I can think of.

So here's how funny memory is. I titled this post before I started writing it. In my memory Clifford Stoll is linked tightly to my early experiences with computers. I imagine myself having read his exciting book The Cuckoo's Egg when I was perhaps 15 years old. In truth, the book did not come out until 1990, so I was twenty. Funny, memory. Stoll was and is a hero of mine. It was his writing about telnetting from machine to machine that I really understood how the internet worked. Granted, I had had experience going on BBSes when I was 15 on my Amiga, and that helped. But Stoll was adept at describing this nowhere space -- of having accounts on different systems, and of pretending to be other users -- it was every vivid in my mind. Of course, I had Gibson's "matrix" in my mind too, but that was fictional and quite fanciful, and clearly impossible with the tools we had at that time (1984, when I read Neuromancer).

I was delighted to see this video: Clifford Stoll: 18 minutes with an agile mind show up in my podcasts:



I remember Clifford Stoll appearing on some PBS show in the early 1990s and he would not sit down and sit still. Unless I'm making this up, he sat in the chair by not sitting -- he was crouching, feet on the seat, on the chair. I disagree with most of his thoughts about computers and kids, but I'm also aware he's a wise man with smarts like crazy.

As with all my childhood heroes who are still alive, he has a home page. I dig the simplicity and the priorities that shows.

That's a piece of my story of being inspired to use computers. What's your story?Computers, Tron & Clifford StollI don't care for April Fool's Day, but the opportunity to think about mistakes is a nice one. Five years ago, in No Fooling., I wrote:

15 years ago I learned something critical and important about myself. Its beyond the scope of this blog to talk specifics, but lets simply say that I made some grievous mistakes in my youth, for which I have atoned. I will never forget these lessons, and the people who have helped me be a better person over the years.

Now it's twenty years. I'm staying cryptic about what the anniversary is about, perhaps someday I can find the words and be as vivid as I want to be, but for now know that 18 year old kids make horrible mistakes. I hope I'm able to apply the empathy I feel for my 18 year old self to my stepkids. I think I can, I think I do, maybe. It's a process.

Also five years ago, I wrote:

Probably none of this makes sense, but thats fine. Im thinking too much about my audience for this blog and not about what matters. What matters is that this is a space for me to bleed on the page. A place for me to work stuff out.

Things are pretty good. It's a big month though. BIG month. BIG Moving. BIG Tax Bill. BIG Wedding of my Sister. The days are packed.

Onward. Twenty Year AnniversaryIn the Chicago Sun-Times Roger Ebert announces his return to reviewing movies:

Are you as bored with my health as I am? I underwent a third surgery in January, this one in Houston, and once again there were complications. I am sorry to say that my ability to speak was not restored. That would require another surgery.

But I still have all my other abilities, including the love of viewing movies and writing about them. And at my side I have my angelic wife, Chaz.

via NewsGang.

My thoughts:

I've been a big fan of Roger Ebert for a while, all the more so after I heard him speak at The Virginia Festival of American Film (now called The Virginia Film Festival) in the early 1990s -- he was doing live DVD commentary before there were DVDs -- they were called "Shot by Shots" and cost extra and I got those tickets each of the two times I went to the fest. The first one was of Citizen Kane. It was riveting to hear the man speak with with knowledge and wit as the movie played, and answering impromptu questions from the audience on all manner of topics. Being a teacher, he was a natural. The second time I went he presented on Sunset Boulevard. I was a fellow with a notion to move out to Los Angeles to "do something with movies" and it was very inspirational.

A book of compiled Ebert compiled movie reviews accompanied Golden Movie Retriever on my bookshelf, often taken down, referenced to learn more about movies, cross reference movies and actors. In the days before IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes it was invaluable for a movie fan to get access to criticism and data about film.

Time has passed, and Ebert has taken ill. He's managed to write about this topic with candor and humor. It's really wonderful to get a dose of his voice -- his literary point-of-view is one I think is worth striving for. I look forward to reading more of it.Ebert will be reviewing again"First, he balances drum and bass, to get a basic rhythm"



Ah yes indeed it's fun times. Video link via Positive Ape Express.

Hah! Wikipedia claims Lee Perry's birthday is March 20th, like me!!! I didn't know that. If I did, I certainly forgot it.

I'll have to add that to my already proud list of people I share a birthday with: Mr. Rogers and Spike Lee.Like Lee Perry, I'm Very OnWho am I kidding? I don't want to write an ode. It's six in the mornin'.

Starting early. Having lunch with a good pal I've not seen in a few years. This could be fun.

Swam yesterday, TWICE. Even shared a lane swimming laps. It was fine.

I swam every day in the past 7 days for at 30 minutes or more. Malibu, Calabasas, Camarillo, depending on the timing and day. I'm thus continuously sore.

What's that they say? Pain is weakness leaving the body. I think that might be true.

I used to hate it when a wise instructor of mine, Mr. Paul Lemons, M.A., would say that "no learning is possible without pain." I rejected this out of hand. With every year that passes -- 18 years have passed now -- I understand the truth in his statement. I think he was paraphrasing Camus, but still.

Speaking of pain, Leah has a root canal today. Wish her well, won't you? It's gonna be great for her!

Not sure I will swim today, but then, I thought that day before yesterday, too.

Also, the moving process has begun. I hate it. My wallet is suddenly very thin from delivering deposit money. It's all rather tight, considering TAX DEADLINE looming in the distance. But it'll all get done. That's how we do.

Have a good day, you. And as I used to say much more often, and am saying again more regularly -- ONWARD.Ode To Thursday



Sinfest remains a favorite for me. By turns smart, ribald, dirty, funny, sexy, thoughtful, deep -- it's exactly what an online comic should be.

Oh That Yahweh!The other day at lunch my workmates and I spent an inordinate amount of time discussing people who played multiple roles in the same film. The major one I thought of was Peter Sellers -- and Eddie Murphy is practically the canonical example from Coming to America. It vexed me that I could not think of very many off the top of my head, but it was sort of a pleasant kind of ignorance riffling through my mental rollodex, even if it came up empty.

As predicted, there turned out to be an extensive Wikipedia page dedicated to this topic: List of actors who have played multiple roles in the same film.

I suspect it's incomplete, and if I come up with more entries you betcha I'll be adding to that page. Perhaps you can think of some?
Multiple Roles in MoviesTuesday morning on the way to Camarillo I was stuck in some traffic:



Yesterday morning I went into work early, via PCH, and the overcast was sort of pretty:



And this is what I look like after a swim:



I think of swimming laps as a bit like methadone. I'm looking forward to the heroin of the ocean to be available.

There are much worse vices than swimming. I know because I've tried them.The Underwater BoyIn about an hour, we go pick up the truck from U-Haul, then we start the incredibly fun process of actually moving. For everything we own, probably 75% is ready to be put in a truck and moved. The rest not quite yet. But we do have all weekend. Getting the truck for two days, unless we can pull it off in one day. We'll see how that shakes out.

I am not looking forward to today, but I don't think it'll be a bad day. I hope it does not rain as it did Thursday night. Rain is no fun for a moving day.

I'll have to disconnect everything, and I'm not sure when we'll be all reconnected next. Time will tell.

I may be posting photos to my flickr stream, and I might be twittering, but don't count on it.

Holy cow, onward.Moving DayMostly, and tired. And achy. Leah's back, my knee. But we're getting there man. We're getting there. 95% done. Kids did phenomenal work. Leah did incredible packing. Big ups to all.

That's it this morning. More content, possibly, tomorrow.

(wearily) Onward (/wearily)Yes, we're moved.But only because I'm narcissistic:

Photo of me and Erin's cat Frida from I believe 1990 (though possibly 1989, but I doubt it):



Thankfully, my mustache phase did not last too long. I suppose every man has to try it out for a while.

Thanks Erin for posting that!

The craziest part of the photo, as I think of it, is not that I have a caterpillar on my lip, but that Frida actually seems happy to be snuggling with me for a minute. She's now, er... reluctant to be friendly with me, or anyone but Ewon!

Update: Actually, that photo is of Taz, a different cat, not Frida.Okay, one more post today.Recruiters who track me down to office phone at my dayjob = INSTANTLY BLACKLISTED FOREVER.

Don't abuse company directories. The fact that that number does not appear anywhere on any resume I've ever posted, anywhere on the web, for the ten years I've been posting resumes to the web and to online job search services, might be the giveaway.

Rude idiots.Recruiter Etiquette, Or Lack ThereofTony Pierce pointed to some writing in his post our biggest story on la times blogs about how "right wing" bloggers were in a tizzy about this ad:



I read a few, just a few, and chuckled.

We in California live in former Mexican territory. And this ad plays on some of the history with a bit ot humor and the Mexican equivalent of "political incorrectness" -- it's silly to get outraged about an ad directed at Mexican vodka drinkers.

I did chuckle though. More ads should include maps! Maybe we Americans in particular might learn some history and geography!
Hilarious OutrageA unique visualization of my twitter posts from tweetclouds.com - basically parsing by unique word, discarding "stop words" as described here. See it below.



I like how replies to leahpeah appear: large and important and central. My first "tweet" - a post to twitter of 140 characters or less - was on October 12, 2006. I don't think I knew what to do with it but I didn't give up on it. I post to twitter pretty regularly now.

The link to the visualization is here, and I have archived it here.Tweetclouds.com visualization of "artlung"I've been pondering how it is that I can get a mania for swimming when any daily exercise routine I've adopted has fallen by the wayside. But I have no trouble getting in the water to swim.

Last week I asked my friend Chris, who I've now known for 22 years, if it makes sense that I would have a desire to swim or go to the beach -- like "is it consistent with my teenage self that I would obsess like this" -- I think I was expecting something like "well you liked the water then, but it was never crazy per se." He surprised me with something I apparently said when I was living with him and his wife, which was "I haven't been to the beach in 4 days, I'm getting cranky."

Friends are great for time capsules like that. I didn't remember saying that, but moreover, I don't remember feeling that in such a way that I'd be able to verbalize it. I've been adept at ignoring my feelings and wants over the course of my life, channeling those things into less positive obsessions, notably food.

So the current mania for swimming I have is a neat surprise, and one much with much more positive health effects. Though having my vision be blurry for whole days because I was refusing to swim underwater without goggles in chlorinated pools was probably not the best thing.

Further.

On the days I commute into L.A. and take the coastal route I get a charge, every time, from seeing the Pacific Ocean. There's something huge and wonderful and horrible and beautiful about the expanse of the ocean. In many ways the scale of the sea is imponderable, like trying to imagine the distance to Saturn, or the National Deficit -- I don't have a sense of scale when directly confronted with it.

This gets me pondering the notion of something like baptism, and how it taps into a psyche like mine. I think of the fact that I am a godparent to Chris' son. What does it mean to cleanse by water? What do I believe about what is happening in a religious ritual like baptism, whether by sprinkling, pouting, or immersion? If you want more information about the uses of water in religious practice, check the wikipedia article on baptism. It's actually quite amazing.

One particular example: early in my relationship with Leah, I attended Tony's Mormon baptism, which was quite fascinating. I found the outfits -- white jumpsuits -- somewhat silly, and the age of baptism unique, but the ceremony was quite reverent and lovely, with the whole family taking part. I enjoy the symbolic nature of such events.

The varieties of religious belief and practice and are sort of daunting, perhaps as daunting as the varieties of the appearance and attitude of the Pacific.

As I walked a spiritual path from Catholicism, to agnosticism, to atheism, and back, I felt a great many things. At times I was moved deeply by stirrings and notions whose nature I do not necessarily understand. The correlation I am hamhandedly making in this writing this morning is something about the awe one feels for a deity, or for a large and scientifically unmeasurable quantity -- what is the sum total of love? how grand is the Pacific Ocean? what is the basis for faith or art or trust? To make a long rambling story short, I get sustenance from the water - from seeing the ocean, and from swimming -- sustenance whose character I am perhaps only beginning to understand.

Maybe.

Before I had studied Zen for thirty years, I saw mountains as mountains,
and waters as waters.
When I arrived at a more intimate knowledge, I came to the point
where I saw that mountains are not mountains,
and waters are not waters.
But now that I have got its very substance I am at rest.
For it's just that I see mountains once again as mountains,
and waters once again as waters.

- Ching-yuan

Have a good day.Water is a Balm for my SelfSo yesterday I worked a short day, then Leah and I did errands, including more last-phase moving from the old house. At the end of the day, Leah went to a blogger meetup thing in Calabasas, and while she was there I went to the great public pool near there.

I swam for longer than usual. Usually when I hit the pool it's early in the morning and I'll need to get back so I can start telecommuting. Or it's at lunchtime and I need to get back to working. Or I'm on my way home after a long day and I've decided it's going to be a solid 30, 35 or 40 minutes then I have to leave because the pool will be closing anyway.

But the hour and change was perfect. I did the same swimming regimen as usual.

Now, regimen is not accurate, really. I do laps with a mix of front crawls, breaststroke, backstroke, with more emphasis on my arms (my strength) and then my legs (my weakness), and occasionally I swim underwater exclusively, as though I were snorkeling, and probably once a session I try the butterfly, but I'm not very good at it. This is not a structured workout, really. It's more like, "do whatever I want in the water. Perhaps I'm imagining what kind of swimming I would be doing if I had to swim to shore after a shipwreck: perhaps evade sharks (faster swimming); forage for food (underwater); hail a passing rescue helicopter (backstroke). No, I did not think about this, really; I'm retroactively trying to explain my creativity at swimming laps. Like exercise machines, I can't look at lap swimming as drudgery. I have to turn the repetitions into unique experiences or I get caught up in how similar the experience is to a hamster on a wheel.

So one of the things I've been curious about is other pools, what other pool sizes are out there. I heard that the Ventura pool is quite large. The day before yesterday I was looking at website for it and I noted something interesting. It says in their rules: No excessive breath holding or hypoxic training.

Really?

So I wondered if I have maybe been doing this. If inadvertently. I hold my breath during some laps. It's excellent practice for being out in the big waves. Sometimes a big wave will carry you down and hold you there for a little while, and like military training, I want to be prepared mentally and physically for this dangerous experience. Last year I noted that I like the implications of forceful, big waves:

It takes a great amount of force to move a man who weighs 24 stone. And I love that the waves can do that. Frankly, I enjoy it when the water is so strong Im forced under for a time. I like being batted around. That means theres real force happening. More force makes better rides. If I stop to think about the thousands of pounds of water that allow me to move at great speed I might get intimidated. Actually, I do think about it, and theres a healthy respect that one might call fear. When I do too much I take a break.

So am I engaging in "hypoxic training" or "excessive breath holding?" I think I am, to some extent, but I'm dubious that it's making me ready to, say, go to Everest. This critical article Taking the Hype Out of Hypoxic has some criticisms and a bit of praise for what it can and can't do for you. I do it to challenge myself more than anything. And if my heart starts to feel like it'll explode or I get tingling in my fingers, or I feel like I might pass out, I stop and breathe. This abstract from the Journal of Applied Physiology: "Effect of high-intensity hypoxic training on sea-level swimming performances:" indicates that truly low oxygen/hypoxic training (less than the normal percentage of oxygen in the air) -- they used 15.3% O2 instead of 20.9% -- well, it had no effect other than what the normal effects of 5 weeks of training would be.

Of course, I'm sure that the Ventura pool would turn away anyone who came in with exotic breathing apparati to swim, so they're right out.

I'm going to go with common sense here and think that they simply don't want people to hold their breath too much. But I am interested to hear what prompted the rule.

Over the past weeks I have seen my own ability to get across a pool without taking a breath improve, for a variety of reasons. I'm faster, my breath control is better, and my endurance is better. I'd be interested to see physiologically what's happening with me as I engage in more swimming. It's possible I've lost weight, but given that the scale is somewhere in a box I don't really know. I've not kept track of my weight regardless. And in my mind, it's not the point -- I like to swim and I like the psychological, physical, and spiritual effects that come with that.

Or maybe I just dig chlorine.Hypoxic Training?Four days in a row swimming. Previous days-in-a-row maximum for daily lap-swimming: seven.

Day before yesterday I swam for longer, arrived early, and it was quite busy. There was a group of special needs kids doing laps. I waited patiently for an opening as all the other lanes were doubled. I had been nervous about lane-sharing since I had read so much stern etiquette about it, and it had been hard for me to see how two people swimming could avoid each other in a lane.

Anyway, I waited patiently and one young man with Down's Syndrome and big goggles was walking past me as I wanted on the stairs. He was no more than 16 or 18 years old. He stopped a moment and said "Hi I'm Michael" and extended his hand to shake mine. I immediately took his hand and said "Hi I'm Joe."

It was unusual inasmuch as I have seen swimming as a solitary event for me. I prize the time to erase the entire world and be immersed in the water and in listening to my malformed body. I listen to my legs scream at me when I kick hard, feeling my own mass fight with me as I glide and stutter through the water.

But the sociable handshake was nice moment. He was utterly guileless and when we were done shaking hands he moved on. Soon enough I was lane-sharing with another of the kids, who was being cheered on to "kick Kai, kick!" and not just, as my mother might say, dilly-dally in the water.

And then I swam. Soon enough Kai was done, and I was alone in the lane.

I wanted there to be a point to this post, some lesson. Whoops. There is none.

Have a good day!"Hi, I'm Joe"(by The Negro Problem, from Post-Minstrel Syndrome)

(whistling)
Heidegger in harlem
on a sunday afternoon
black paint streaming down his face
he's trying to equalize
the distortion in his room
people screaming "unify your race"

but see it takes so long la da da
long i have heard, Martin
i want to thank you for pushing my cart along

there's a soap box burning
there's a preacher in the street
black, left, Christian on the way
the preacher's saying Jesus danced to Communist beats
remember how he spread the fish and bread around that day
but it took too long la da da
long i have heard, preacher
i want to thank you for pushing my cart along

see, Heidegger collapses in a soul food restaurant
the sisters bring him cool lemonade
one of 'em reads aloud from a notebook by the plate
it says "i think this poor white boy's about to fade"

see it takes too long la da da
long i have heard, preacher
i want to thank you for pushing my cart along

now the preacher's wearing boxing gloves
the crowd is with him now
he's punching out the demons of the state
even Malcolm smiles adjusts his tie in the book store window
he says "take me home now, preacher, i can't wait"

history clock
don't make no tick-tock
it won't tell the time
so which watch should be mine?
it won't plant the seeds
which whisper through the trees
and sway on the song
that pushes my cart along Lyrics of the Day: Heidegger in HarlemIt was warm yesterday. I went to the beach late in the day but the water is 56 degrees F. The lifeguard says it doesn't get into the 60s until June. I now know 56 is too cold for me now, my calves were instantly numb, and not in a good way. Hypothermia is not how I want to start out ocean-swimming.

I have investigated the wetsuit angle and it's not for me. Too expensive, too restrictive. Perhaps that'll change at some point.

I did see that they put stones, probably anti-erosion? On my beach Thornhill Broome. I really didn't like the way it was breaking on the stones there. I'm not sure who I would ask about why and when the stones were placed. California Coastal Commission? State Parks? It is part of Point Mugu State Park. I've no idea who has ultimate jurisdiction and responsibility to add those rocks. It seems to me that someone put several tons of rocks on that beach, and the fact that I can't find a public record of it is vexing. I'm sure it's simply due to my ignorance of where to check.



So I went further south and just as I crossed the L.A. county line I saw a mess of kiteboarders:



I went further south, past Leo Carillo further south and went in near Guernsey Avenue. The lifeguard kid I talked to was affable and jokey. I was encouraged to see a chalkboard with the conditions. The 56 didn't scare me off till I felt it.

There were a few dozen people dotting the landscape. Mostly people sunbathing or just chilling. A lot of people were taking photos of the impending sunset, hoping for a postcard shot, no doubt. After a bit of walking in the surf I went home.Beach Time, Not QuiteTwo iconoclastic thinkers who I think would usually disagree (Barnett is an optimist/realist; Kunstler is nearly apocalypticist) are in complete agreement! This is a nice surprise.

James Kunstler (foul language, sorry):

Barack Obama caught hell last week for daring to tell the truth about the ragged thing that the American spirit has become. He said that small-town Pennsylvania voters, bitter over their economic circumstances, "cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who arent like them" to work out their negative emotions. He might have added that the Pope wears a funny hat (see for yourself this week), and that bears shit in the woods (something rural Pennsylvanians probably know). Nevertheless, in the manner lately prescribed for those who slip up and speak truthfully in public (and in contradiction to the reigning delusions), Obama was pressured to apologize for his statements.

The evermore loathsome and odious Hillary Clinton, co-owner of a $100 million personal wealth portfolio, seized the moment to remind voters what a normal, everyday gal she is -- who would never look down on the small-town folk of Pennsylvania the way her "elitist" opponent had -- forgetting, apparently, that the Clinton family's consigliere, James Carville, famously described the Keystone State as a kind of redneck sandwich with Pittsburgh and Philadelphia as the bread, and Alabama as the lunch meat in between.

Thomas PM Barnett:

As soon as I think Obama's pandering too much on economics, he says something this blunt and wise. Of course people get nasty and scared and cling to old shibboleths when they're feeling vulnerable on economics! That's the entire history of our country. Read Benjamin Friedman's brilliant Moral Consequences of Economic Growth.

How either McCain or Clinton try to pass this off as "elitism" is just goofy. Obama's problem is that he's a lot more honest than either of them. He sees the world more accurately, and when he speaks truth in that direction, he gets chastised by the Boomers with their quintessential ideological view of things.Barnett and Kunstler on Obama's Impolitic Words

via vintage_adsBreakdancing Kid on Mr. Rogers

Bowy was a Japanese rock group consisting of Kyosuke Himuro (vocals), Tomoyasu Hotei (guitar), Tsunematsu Matsui (bass) and Makoto Takahashi (drums). They were a rock band that reached legendary status in Japan during the 1980s. Their style of play varied from punk to pop rock and they had fans of all ages. The 1990s band movement was credited to Bowy as they popularized the formation of musical groups, which caused musical instrument sales to hit an all-time high during the 90s and the record companies signed and debuted 80 bands during the 90s in hopes of finding a new Bowy.

I had a dub (a recording onto cassette tape) of this band and "Plastic Bomb" was a favorite. Straight ahead rocking band, but you know, Japanese. This would have been around 1988 or so, and like many of my musical discoveries, I thank Erin for turning me on to this.

Here's their official site. In Japanese, of course.Bowy: Plastic BombMy day started yesterday with my aunt calling me at 7:30am and calling me a "goober."

And it's true, Leah and I, especially me, were not prepared for what we knew was coming in the way we needed to be. We had done some good work, but our move kept getting prioritized above doing the taxes and I didn't get anything to my aunt to review until the evening of April 14th. So what I sent her, my return, exported as PDF, was what got her to call me that g-word.

But we buckled down and my rockstar aunt whipped us into shape. We spent the day going over everything with a fine tooth comb, guided by Joan's excellent, stern, but kind hand. I took the day off and we did math and figuring and calendar checking and email searching. We utterly failed to get printers going, printed at Kinko's and found the Post Office that would be open till 11:59pm -- the close one was in beautiful Oxnard! -- and got the whole works in the mail at 7pm on April 15th.

We celebrated with some Souplantation and then went home and collapsed in a heap.

We're still owe 5 figures to the IRS, not where we want to be. But we have a big chunk coming back from our rental deposit on our last place and we have some other windfalls forthcoming soon. We're making good progress and are on track, I think. Next year, things will be different.

If anyone wants a referral to an incredible tax person, particularly in San Diego, but Southern California really -- I have just the aunt. She saved us $4000 dollars yesterday, easy. She also is a Certified Financial Planner and is plain sensible about money. I'm happy she's on my side against the world. I'm incredibly grateful to her for going the extra mile for us yesterday.

And with a heavy sigh and deep relief, I say, ONWARD.Tax Day Was Yesterday And Today I Am Not Dead

I actually followed the Iron Man comic for a few years back in the mid-to-late 1980s, so I'm a fan. And it was a hot day, so I splurged on this collectible. A bit of fun, and the Slurpee was delicious.Iron Man... the cup!From my Mom -- it's Matthew 6:25-34.

"Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more important than food, and the body more important than clothes? Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life[a]?

"And why do you worry about clothes? See how the lilies of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you, O you of little faith? So do not worry, saying, 'What shall we eat?' or 'What shall we drink?' or 'What shall we wear?' For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. 34Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own."

This is a passage my mother memorized fifteen years ago to help her cope. I've mentioned my Mom and her illness before. It appears that the cancer -- her Stage IV renal cell carcinoma --  is a bit worse these days, particularly in her brain, where a recent CT scan indicates it has grown some. The whole family is looking to my sister's wedding in a week and a half -- it should be a wonderful event, and we all love my sister's fiance very much.

With sadness I note the passing of David Foster on April 15, 2008. He blogged his experiences with Stage IV renal cell carcinoma. Very moving writing, often very funny.

Obviously we're all wishing and hoping and praying that the treatments my mother gets will help. I am hopeful, and the bible verse my Mom sent is all about not worrying.
Bible Reading of the Day; MomSetting: MY WORK PHONE RINGS.

Background: PEOPLE HERE COME TO MY DESK, USE IM, OR USE EMAIL. RECRUITERS ON THE OTHER HAND FIND MY RESUME, USE THE CORPORATE DIRECTORY TO TRACK ME DOWN, AND CALL. I HATE THIS, BUT WHAT CAN I DO, NOT ANSWER MY PHONE?)

Recruiter: "Hi Joe, I'm [redacted] from [redacted] we specialize in Oracle and Java recruiting"

Me: "I don't do either of those things here."

Recruiter: "Ok, do you know who I should be talking to?"

Me: (WITH DISDAIN) "Nope."

Recruiter: "Ok, thanks."

Me: (click)

And, Scene.

PreviouslyAdventures on the Work Phone NumberAt the mall, today and tomorrow. I have two monitors I'm looking forward to getting rid of.

Simi Valley Town Center Press Releases

Simi Valley Town Center will again host an E-wast collection on Friday and Saturday, April 18 and 19.  The event will be from 9am to 3pm both days.

Residents and Businesses are invited to bring in their unwanted electronic waste for disposal and drop it off in the parking lot running parallel to Simi Town Center Way.

For further details, please call the Guest Services Department at 805-581-1430.

Free Simi Valley E-Waste Collection

Took this photo with my phone this morning at the old house. It's of an old, faded photo in a dilapidated frame. This shot by Leah is from a bit before I knew them -- I think.

They are so tiny! They're now all between 13 and 19 years old and look quite different. Three of them drive. Yikes is probably an appropriate word to say at this point.

Incidentally, I discovered the other day that I've become a patriarch. A mild one, but a patriarch nonetheless. It's not unwelcome, and I don't know when it happened, but I'll not turn back.

Onward.Kids, youngerTyler is 15 now and has been playing competitive league basketball pretty much for 4 years I think. He's been playing football even longer. He's on the High School Freshman teams for both.

Anyway, yesterday I took Tyler out to his basketball games in Santa Barbara. It was a pretty good time overall. Ty reminds me somewhat of me at that age, but then I think all the kids end up reminding me of my best and worst qualities at that age. Tyler has great focus, which I had when I wanted to, about art or what interested me. Tyler loves sport, and being on a team, which I despised at that age, other than, perhaps, hanging out with my friend Chris or working on a mural.

So we drove out to Santa Barbara from Moorpark, and got there just in time. First game was against Sophomores and Juniors, and the boys got beat, but they played well and didn't resort to any nasty play -- the opposing team got I 3 fouls for unsportsmanlike conduct over the course of the game. After the game, one of the referees took the whole team aside and complimented them for not giving up, not laying down, and for "playing classy" -- the team coach said this kind of a compliment is rare, and was proud of the performance the guys showed.

The facility they all played in is called the Thunderdome. The thing is shaped like a cross, and can have up to 6 games going at any one time. We were on court 1 for the first game. They fit that many games collapsing folding bleachers. The name always makes me chuckle, though the stadium was built before Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome.



We had a bit over an hour between games and I decided to try out UCSB's pool facilities. I hadn't swum yet, and I gotta do that if I am able. It was real nice, though it took me a while to get there since I had to track down an ATM first. But I got about 30 minutes in of laps. Their pools were huge! When I was done, they even had one of those swimsuit-spinner things that dries out your suit. Lots of college kids working out, playing games, swimming and using their gym facilities.

>

Tyler hung out with his team while I did that. I ran a little late, but luckily with the number of games going and the natural margin for error at tournaments, I was right on time for the game at 7 which started at 7:15.



Ty's team was evenly matched for the second game. They were tied 17-17 at the halfway point -- the games are played in two 20 minute periods. But the other team hustled real well in the second half and they got ahead by about 12 points. Moorpark started to close in them, but when the buzzer sounded we lost by 4. Disappointing loss for the boys. Of course they were tired from playing a game just two hours earlier, but so was the other team. There is another game today (Sunday).

On the way home we got sandwiches -- I wanted to get some well-made fast food -- a non chain take out burger joint, but we found a Subway and got footlongs. It was good stuff and we both ate hearty.

Like I wrote, Tyler is 15 now and has his driving permit, so he can drive. He didn't ask to drive on the way there, but he asked on the way home. Saturday night on the 101 out of Santa Barbara didn't sound like fun to me, so I offered him Oxnard to home, and he did fine. He's sort of iffy on some of the transitions -- he turns a bit too wide going left, but he listened to criticism and kept us safe. I never felt like we were out of control.

Next week on Saturday I'll be attending my Sister's wedding around Washington, D.C. I'm so excited for her. She and Daniel have been together for a long while, and we're so happy for them both.

Today we have some last things to do at the old place, and another game for Tyler. I'm not sure where swimming fits in, but then I never do know. I'm on a four-streak (Taxes broke the last one). I guess I'll see how it turns out. I'm not sure I have a specific goal in noting the streaks. I know very well that stuff happens to break the days-in-a-row swimming streaks. But there's something important about this keeping track. Somewhat like this article about Jerry Seinfeld's "Don't Break The Chain" -- here's an article describing it: Jerry Seinfeld's Productivity Secret:
Years ago when Seinfeld was a new television show, Jerry Seinfeld was still a touring comic. At the time, I was hanging around clubs doing open mic nights and trying to learn the ropes. One night I was in the club where Seinfeld was working, and before he went on stage, I saw my chance. I had to ask Seinfeld if he had any tips for a young comic. What he told me was something that would benefit me a lifetime...

He said the way to be a better comic was to create better jokes and the way to create better jokes was to write every day. But his advice was better than that. He had a gem of a leverage technique he used on himself and you can use it to motivate yourselfeven when you don't feel like it.

He revealed a unique calendar system he uses to pressure himself to write. Here's how it works.

He told me to get a big wall calendar that has a whole year on one page and hang it on a prominent wall. The next step was to get a big red magic marker.

He said for each day that I do my task of writing, I get to put a big red X over that day. "After a few days you'll have a chain. Just keep at it and the chain will grow longer every day. You'll like seeing that chain, especially when you get a few weeks under your belt. Your only job next is to not break the chain."

Welcome to Thunderdome!

Welcome to Thunderdome!Weekend was great overall. Next weekend: my sister's wedding! Very exciting.

Here's Ty warming up with his team before the game yesterday:



Yes, he is often just a blur.

They lost, but played well, and had great sportsmanship. They were playing up, and played very classy as the other team started to gloat. It's hard in this culture to be a gracious winner, I think. I don't think we have many examples of that. Everything is about "PWNED!!!111" Sad, I think.

The non-basketball highlight of the Santa Barbara trip, besides Tyler driving was going to Freebirds World Burrito for great burritos! They are a bit spendy -- but it's rather like a Subway for burritos and quesadillas - pick "Regular" or "Monster" size flour tortilla, then choose toppings -- refried beans, rice, black beans, steak, broiled chicken, pork, guacamole, cheese, pico de gallo, onion, lettuce, sour cream, tomato -- get one or five or whatever you want! I got a monster and could not finish it. Come to think of it, those leftovers are now breakfast! Ty, despite being almost entirely muscle, ate his whole "Monster." The boy's metabolism is amazing at 15. And more important than that, his activity level is through the roof.

Okay, time to get going on this week. Should be a fun one.Weekend's End...about coffee.



via vintage adsPoor Communications Skills

So this is me after a slightly longer swim than normal after skipping two days. I wore myself out. I twittered this too, but I'm not sure being immediately sore is the sign of a good workout, or poor form, or overexertion, or not enough warming up, or the gap between times swimming, or just that it was at the end of a day where I was already a little tired.

No matter, off to the pool again this morning!So TiredMadness.



via tony pierce, via laist, via banned bikes.

As a sometime 405 commuter, I'm amazed at what the the *motorcycles* do, let alone what bikes could do.

I wonder what science fictional scenario gets the 405 freeway repurposed for bikes. Maybe $10/gas?

Update: Banned Bikes has an update post -- Freeway Aftermath, which points to the thread on MetBlogs which has some historical background on bikes in L.A., among other things.Bicycling the 405Feeling busy. Got to pack. Work too.

Feeling pretty good, all in all.

Not sure what to say beyond that. What else is there, anyway?Flying TomorrowGreat trip. My sister is married! So happy for her and Daniel. Here's right as they were officially pronounced.



Beautiful ceremony, great reception, much dancing.

Back home now, and taking the day off to recover.Back from D.C.Leahpeah and me, approximately before and after our trip:





Onward, y'all! And hey, what's up with the hot weather out here? And when are the darn water temperatures going to rise to go with the air temperature rise?Before and After TripExcellent rundown of what the scenarios are for a Yahoo/Microsoft. I'm not as expert at understanding financial issues as some others, but I feel like this made me smarter -- If Microsoft goes fully hostile on Yahoo by Marc Andreessen.

I often see job opportunities for working at Yahoo -- contracting positions at various facilities in California -- including some that would be realistic choices for me. These formerly excited me with their promise. I have to say the prospect of working for Microsoft has never excited me, while working at Yahoo has. I'm not sure if this is rational.

I will say that what I have experienced of employees of both companies at various events over the last ten years tell me Yahoos tend to be happier than Microsofties. But my sample size is not that large.Terrific Article: Microsoft/Yahoo

Picked it up today at lunch -- Things I Learned About My Dad: Humorous and Heartfelt Essays. Edited by dooce. Congratulations Leah! Much more info and links to the other contributors over at Heather A's blog.Leah has an essay in thisBoth covers. Both awesome.

Blitzkrieg Bop (about this song) by Gus and Fin (via BoingBoing):



Rock the Casbah (about this song) by Rachid Taha (via Neil Kramer):



Now that should start your day off right. It did mine. Off to the pool! And possibly Fry's Electronics. Possibly.Music Vids of the DayI didn't go to the Web 2.0 Expo last week, but I did read Sassy's concise wrap up.

Some video from the conference is out there, here's social software thinker Clay Shirky:



Here's Clay's writeup.Clay Shirky at 2.0 ConferenceYesterday I went swimming early, which was great. I was tired after about 15 minutes, but pressed on to do a full 30 minutes. I actually noticed myself getting tired the night before at about 20 minutes, but went 45.

One of the things about exercising (ugh! I despise that word!) is that I'm more aware of signals my body is telling me. I have a baseline for what I'm able to do in the water -- how should it feel if I hold my breath all the way across the pool? How should it feel if I go down 12 feet? how should I feel after 10 minutes of laps? The answer is "better than I feel right now" -- and I am sick. It started with some extra weakness during swimming. Yesterday it progressed with backache and a nonproductive cough. Now I have the backache + headache + slight fever. I took it easy yesterday night.

I'm a bit resentful that my better judgment is telling me to avoid swimming right now.

In other news, I bought a new hard drive for the Windows box yesterday at Fry's. Installed without a hitch. I tried out Ubuntu yesterday but the UI really didn't run very well given the limitations of the video card. I ditched that and went with Xubuntu. So yesterday I spent a little time customizing that. I have a lot of stuff to migrate, and much to learn. I've not used any Linux variant as a desktop computer, but Windows 2003 Server is just not cutting it anymore for this machine. Then I think, maybe I just need a new video card, but a nice one is almost as much as a whole new machine, and heck, free software is free, and it's a great environment to learn new things. That's very important because as May comes in, this is the last month of my contract with Vivendi, and I want to brush up on my technological skills.

What I'd really like to do is have a new Mac, but financially that's not a smart plan -- not till we get the IRS situation squared away. I tell you kids, if you're going to contract all year, be putting away those taxes as you go. Yes, it's nice to have big dollars and put away debt. But the taxman, he will have his due, if not now, then later. Big lesson learned there for Leah and me.

Leah is doing great, the book she's in is out, and some DW dough has showed up too. Also, any minute now we have our deposit money coming back from the previous place; Leah did a great job taking care of all the loose threads that needed cutting there -- from cleaners, the floors, to dealing with the management company. The day before yesterday on the Dave Ramsey podcast Dave said to a person considering moving -- I'm paraphrasing -- "moving has big costs: financial, emotional, relational." I agree with that wholeheartedly. April was really packed, and we got through it. Leah has done a great job. She may not think so, but she's totally taking care of business.

That's all for now.Sickly Joe; Ubuntu; Finances; April Wrap-UpStill feverish. Nasal congestion ahoy! Cough productive now. I would rather &lt;i&gt;move&lt;/i&gt; than be sick right now. That's pretty bad.

Some miscellaneous items for you:

Hindsight is 20/20: quotes about Iraq from before we started: Voices: The Quotes That Sent Us To War. My favorite:

"Having defeated and then occupied Iraq, democratizing the country should not be too tall an order for the world's sole superpower."
- William Kristol, Weekly Standard editor, and Lawrence F. Kaplan, New Republic senior editor, 2003-02-24

Around my house we try to avoid the word "should." Maybe that's why.

Also, Pinguino moved her blog to DeviantArt, and in my opinion she needed RSS, so I set it up using these instructions. It took all of five minutes.

Jenn moved her blog and today wrote about a new blog type deal in San Diego. It sounds promising!
Sickish. Misckish.This morning, after a fitful 14 hours of sleep, I woke up feeling better. This crud I got -- microorganisms all taking over my whole nasopharyngeal area and causing systemic disruption that among other things caused me to miss swimming 3 days in a row. Actually, I shouldn't go today either, so that's like 4 days. Teeny tiny jerks! Stop messing with my life!

Leah has been a champ. I even randomly, on Friday went off on her about various stupid stuff around the house that normally we'd have a civilized conversation that would begin "hey, some things around the house are bothering me and I think we need a plan to get them done" -- instead I suddenly started doing those random things and muttering that Leah never does anything. This was met with supreme restraint on the part of my partner, who then excused herself from the situation. Meanwhile, after doing 1 and a half of the things that suddenly bothered me, I collapsed in a heap unable to do anything more. I took a long bath and slept fitfully for hours. I woke up apologizing.

It's a particularly interesting event to me because I see very well the guy who Jenny divorced, and who Leah got fed up with those many years ago. This is the pure "my way or the highway!" id version of Joe that apparently lies dormant. I like to think of it something like Windows crashing and you're left with DOS. It definitely indicates that the transformation that's occurred in me in the past two years is not entirely complete. It also indicates, contrary to what some of my co-workers think, that I do have strong opinions occasionally. No longer wishy-washy, I can be a jerk with the best of them.

Of course, the strong-willed version of DOS Joe also has bad judgment, no people skills, and zero patience. If I could harness the jerk part maybe I could be one of those genius-maniac type people who gets shit done. Sadly, I'd be a lonely crank. He's not the person you want on your team. He might make a good Unabomber though.

This blog post is the second energy intensive thing I've done today. The first was cleaning out my nasopharynx in the shower -- basically irrigation with water and expulsion -- coughing and noseblowing --  ith great force and energy. This process grosses out Leah. However, with the new configuration of the new house Leah need not hear it. That's a nice win for the new place.

Hey kids, onward!Sickness' End and DOS JoeWe have a tiny grapefruit tree in our yard. I'm told the fruit is small and tart.

We have possums in the yard. Leah saw a cat-sized one maybe 2 weeks ago. Yesterday I saw a tinier, cuter one.

We go through so many headphones and earbuds. I think the kids really do eat them. If you have a source for earbuds by the dozen please leave a note in the comments.

Alex liked the Elmo I got her on FreeCycle. Febreeze apparently did the trick.

The next IRS payment is in the chamber, ready to fire on the 15th.

I've not delved into Xubuntu as much as I intended to this weekend. Mostly I laid in bed and tried to get well. I also missed Ty's basketball game this weekend. Tony worked hard on a project yesterday and only occasionally checked in on Star Wars Galaxies to see if his trade had gone through. The TV was off and he took no calls. That counts for some pretty good discipline these days. Lastly on the kid front, I really am finding myself a patriarch. The kids listen to me and ideally I'm expanding their mind to the possibilities and perils of life. Yesterday we talked about resumes and interviews at the dinner table. Big topics like: "what do you include on a resume?" and "can you just leave off jobs that were bad?" and "can you include anything on your resume?" Leah and I did our best and pretty much stuck to what the best advice would be, and I tried to include plenty of my own experiences and difficulties. I find the kids respond best when I simply tell them my story and not try to abstract everything into a general rule that they must follow. It feels good and natural and still bizarre to be a patriarch.

Lastly, I am still sick. Not as much as I was, but not well. Still coughing up phlegm. Still sneezing. My nose is nearly raw. I want a fast-forward button for illness. People would buy it.

Wellness, ahoy? Oi.A Few UpdatesHeaded out. Only a little phlegm, and only a bit of vomiting this morning. Luckily I've scarcely eaten. My head is clear, my fever is gone, and I'm not coughing at all. My throat is a bit sore.

There was a bomb threat yesterday at work apparently, but I'd really like to get out of the house -- so I'll take my chances with the outside world.

No swimming today though. We're coming up on a week without swimming.Back in the saddle, again...

I subscribe to several mailing lists. A beelion years ago we used to call these things "listservs" -- basically it's an email address that is an alias for a whole group of people, and when you send mail to it, everyone on the list gets a copy. WebSanDiego was my mailing list for a long while.

Anyway, on mailing lists, occasionally there are people who are annoying, or do what's called trolling, or are otherwise jerks. Not sure what an internet troll is? Think of YouTube comments. Those are internet trolls.

Now, most civilized lists don't let in people who are merely idiotic jerks. But there are some people who are frustrating. Again, in the old days, I used to simply send any email from such people to the trash. Nowadays, since I use Gmail for email predominantly, I have a different solution.

I tag them.

People who I find begin to act like bozos, I add a little filter to my email such that when email comes from them, it gets a little tag that says "bozo" on it. It's a reminder of the previous history with that person, and the red color I give the tag in Gmail's interface functions like a stop sign. It's personally satisfying. It also discourages me from replying. Because I don't want more email with bozo tags in it. My bozo tags make me smile, and not frown, when bozos are bozos.

I have no doubt some might consider me a bozo on email lists. I have been that, at times.

Live and let bozo, I say.Gmail Bozo Tag

I might have paid four bucks per gallon before, but last night was the first time I recognized it as such. This was in Calabasas on my way home.

Still mildly sick. I was thinking of going swimming this morning, but I still have some phlegm. I thought about swimming last night but it's still too chilly out.

That's really all I have at the moment. Happy Friday!$3.999 per GallonThese photos of Drake Brodahl's process of making some art are inspiring -- PUMML: Process. It's almost like a how-to. It definitely gives me ideas. Maybe it will inspire you too?
ProcessHeather "Dooce" Armstrong has had a busy few weeks. The book she edited was released, she went to New York and came back, and she appeared on National Television&trade;.

Hidden in among all that activity is as eloquent a defense of blogging about your kid as I've ever read, and it's well worth reading for not just mommybloggers but for everyone who writes about the people they love.

There are many who find "mommybloggers" and the whole concept of blogging about ones kids distasteful. They dismiss is out of hand as exploitive. Typical mommybloggers that I have met are not that, though. They don't cross over into a kind of "stage motherhood" -- I feel like that's when it gets hinky. If you're pushing your kid to be entertaining. If you're neglecting your responsibilities as a Mom to service your audience. If you're more a blogger than a Mom, I think something is broken, and you will have rather more to answer for when your kid grows up and says "what's this blog thing."

If you're simply using your family and friends to entertain, and losing sight of what it means to have family and friends, then that's broken too.

It's worth a read: Newsletter: Month Fifty and Fifty-one


But I guess there are some people who are very uncomfortable with the fact that I and many other women are writing about our children on our websites. How dare we violate your privacy like this, how dare we endanger you like this, we obviously care more about ad revenue than what this is going to do to your adolescence. And I have been asked countless times if I am at all worried that you will totally resent me for the details I have shared here. Of course you will you resent me. I have no doubt that you will spend years of your life resenting me and being embarrassed that we have the same last name, despite the fact that I have and will spend years of my life writing love letters to you on the Internet. Despite the fact that I have declared to millions of people that you are the most amazing thing that has ever happened to my life.

You will resent me for your curfew and the fact that I will not let you leave the house in that mini-skirt. You will resent me for showing up to your school in my pajama bottoms and for raising my hand in a PTA meeting when I hadn't brushed my hair. You will text message your friends to tell them that I am the most horrible person on the planet because I'm forcing you to study for your exam in the morning. You are going to think that I cannot possibly understand what you are going through, and you will slam the door in my face.

Will you resent me for this website? Absolutely. And I have spent hours and days and months of my life considering this, weighing your resentment against the good that can come from being open and honest about what it's like to be your mother, the good for you, the good for me, and the good for other women who read what I write here and walk away feeling less alone. And I have every reason to believe that one day you will look at the thousands of pages I have written about my love for you, the thousands of pages other women have written about their own children, and you're going to be so proud that we were brave enough to do this. We are an army of educated mothers who have finally stood up and said pay attention, this is important work, this is hard, frustrating work and we're not going to sit around on our hands waiting for permission to do so. We have declared that our voices matter.
Eloquent Defense of KidbloggingOne of the things we do at work, at lunch and otherwise, is talk about movies, old, new and forthcoming. We kibitz and argue and I get a lot out of it. I like talking about movies about people who care about them.

The one movie I am excited about that NOBODY else is is Speed Racer. I think it's incredible looking. I suspect it's going to massively flop, but I hope not. It reminds me a little bit of Warren Beatty's Dick Tracy--which I find to be awful, but was an interesting experiment. My hope is that Speed Racer will be more than just interesting.

I enjoyed Iron Man very much, despite being very sick when I saw it. I juiced myself up on cold medicine, grabbed a handful of cough drops and we saw it last weekend. I followed the Iron Man comic in the 1980s so I do have longstanding (holy cow, 20 years) interest in the character. I thought the casting was great, and the movie was fun. Good action, believable characterizations: the film worked. I think criticisms like those voiced by Matthew Baldwin are valid, and I think his superhero movie pet peeves are particularly apt.

Interestingly enough, the funniest things I've read about Iron Man are not about the movie, but come from the Again With The Comics blog, which dives into the decades of history of Iron Man to find the more wonderfully ridiculous aspects of the character and his rogue's gallery. For example: Things You Won't Be Seeing In IRON MAN: The Iron Mullet!, Things You Won't Be Seeing In IRON MAN: the Iron Nose and lastly: Things You Won't Be Seeing In IRON MAN: Obadiah Stane's "Costume"



I think Lebowski might've looked pretty good in that! Well, maybe. I'm curious to see how the sequels might do. Oh, and one last AWTC post: Iron Man 2 Villain Suggestions. And though that is a funny post, Black Lama really is a character who is "other-dimensional counterpart of Gerald Ford," Wikipedia confirms this.

The other two "big" movies I want to see this year are Wall-E and The Dark Knight. I've been a fan of Pixar animation for decades, and a Batman fan even longer.

Speaking of animation, I would be remiss if I did not bring to your attention a Bollywood/Disney computer animated film called Roadside Romeo, which I found via Cartoon Brew:



It looks truly bad, though I will admit that I'm not the intended audience. It does include a heaping dose of 'tude. Though John Kricfalusi does not care for the Simpson's, when I think of 'tude, I think of Poochie.Movies This YearAs a follow-up to talking about Iron Man, here are some alternate designs for Iron Man from Project Rooftop: Iron Man Invincible Upgrade, and Part II

Some great designs!Iron Man, RedesignedIt's been a long while since I did a full wrap up of what I'm looking at and reading. So here's some miscellaneous stuff I've read and thought about and watched and listened to.

Tom Bickle asked some really interesting philosophical questions today: How entitled?:

What's in a name? Surely, any communication carries with it a promise. "Your word is your bond." "A rose by any other name..." Should I promote myself with any or all of these titles, all technically true, some a paler shade of the truth than others? "Fake it 'til you make it?" If I do, am I a phony? Should I feel ashamed? Would others feel deceived, were they to know how much a title chafes against my own self-esteem, factual accuracy or no?

It's really got some great questions in it. Read it.

My hero stew blogged today! He doesn't blog very often, but he, and his latest project, a broadway play called Passing Strange are getting a whole lot of attention these days. For one thing, it's been running for a while now, and some real strange stuff has been happening. From way over here in California it feels like this -- first Spike Lee showed up, and next it was that First it was on April 17th, Whoopi Goldberg wore the Passing Strange sweatshirt on The View.



And the show keeps rolling along, and getting great reviews. On Monday, on The View, "see a musical performance from Broadway's Passing Strange." So if you watch The View, check it out. I'll probably catch it online later. But don't look for the music of Passing Strange on the pre-Tony awards show; they got cut, causing some controversy.

Stew's post struggles with the very notion of going mainstream. There's a tension in Passing Strange, that tension is that it's both a rock show and a Broadway play. The thing is both things, and as such, Stew has certain expectations about what rock shows are about, but on the other hand, audiences on Broadway are not necessarily rock show crowds. I love the openness of his thoughts about this. I've been a delighted fan of stew for a long time, and part of my fandom is this openness to the process. I love that he writes what he's thinking about his art. Basically, I love the man and his work. It hurts that I probably won't see his show this year, but I enjoy every minute of the work that comes out. On the Passing Strange website, they have  some song downloads -- mp3 files of songs from the show. I have to admit, the song Keys has the capacity to make me cry.

Another artist blogging is Matt Brooker, who blogs at D'Blog of 'Israeli. Matt is the incredible artist behind the War of the Worlds comic I blogged about last year. I've been following his blog since then. So his latest post is entitled The Wacom Airbrush: In-Depth Review. I swear Wacom should hire this guy! He is an artist who actually used to work with airbrushes, and acquired one of their "airbrush-style" stylii (styluses?) -- the Wacom Airbrush Stylus. Now mind you, I think I've only held an airbrush one time, and that was when Chris was using one back in the late 1980s. The impression I got was that they sputter and make a mess and are hard to control. But some of my favorite artists yield them beautifully Vargas and Soyarama. Brooker does not correct my impression of the airbrush. He says even in digital form, this is an input device that it takes time to learn. It's fascinating to me, as a person interested in user experience and human-computer interaction, to see a user who is reveling in an input device that is harder to use, and takes longer to learn to use, and will take practice to master. It goes against how I think about interfaces and user input. But of course this is art, so perhaps it makes perfect sense. Great artists must practice. It takes discipline to get better at it. It takes time. I probably will never buy this peripheral, but reading about it was joyful.

Speaking, as we sort of were, of comics, I present a wonderful new blog called The Journal of Caroon Over-Analyzations, which I found via Cartoon Brew. This blog cracks me up. Articles like From the archives: A Freudian Analysis of Beavis and Butt-Head or Alchemical Symbolism in Smurfs are terrifically fun to read. Some even point out real issues of culture and race, as in From the archives: Chromatic Sexism and Animated Felines:


Did you ever notice that patterns emerge in the fur colors of major protagonist characters of the domestic feline species portrayed in popular, secular, post modern childrens media? Female feline protagonist tend to have white fur, a reoccurring characteristic for the heroines in a significant number of films involving cats, examples include female characters from The Aristocats, Cats Dont Dance, The Rescuers (shes a mouse, but the concept still stands). On the other hand, the male feline protagonists have orange fur, examples include male characters from Garfield, Heathcliff, The Aristocats, An American Tail, Cats Dont Dance, etc.

I'm not sure how to transition to this next one, but Matt Haughey shared a post on Google Reader that's great: Web 2.0 Expo Presentation Rundown. That post has great links and encouraged me to explore further some of the videos of speakers at the Web 2.0 Expo. I mentioned the Clay Shirky video before, but the Andreessen and Fake Steve Jobs videos are also worthwhile.

It's Sunday--Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day to my own Mom, to Leah, and to all the other Mom's out there!



Misc, Art, Mother's Day...I blogged over the weekend. Read that instead of something new today.

Misc, Art, Mother's Day (that's a good one!)

Iron Man, Redesigned (cool links to neat different Iron Man designs!)

Movies this Year (the movies I want to see; we didn't see Speed Racer this weekend, but I suspect it's not very good -- still want to see it, maybe on IMAX so I can get the full gut-punching effect!)

Eloquent Defense of Kidblogging (about Dooce who nails why it's fine to write about kids)

Tonight I'm going to the SIGGRAPH thing with my friend Chris. I think it'll be fun.As a matter of fact...Yesterday I blogged that Passing Strange would be on The View, and here it is, posted to YouTube by Jeff Downing!



I'm so proud of stew! He just blogged about it too!Passing Strange on The ViewI don't usually have cause to watch the Tony Awards.

This year is different though. Passing Strange--the show which is the brainchild of Stew and Heidi Rodewald, both of the band The Negro Problem--:is nominated for seven Tony Awards!

Best MusicalBest Original ScoreBest Book of a MusicalBest Orchestrations (Stew & Heidi Rodewald)Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical (Stew)Best Performance by a Featured Actor  in a Musical (Daniel Breaker)Best Performance by a Featured Actress  in a Musical (de'Adre Aziza)

I've been listening to the music of stew for seven years! Blogging about his and TNP stuff the whole time.Seven Nominations for Passing StrangeAnd more Stew news! Can't wait!

Strange' soundtrack on iTunes

Cast recording exclusive to Apple

By GORDON COX

"Passing Strange" will be the first Broadway tuner to release its original cast recording exclusively on iTunes, more than a month before the CD arrives in stores.

Ghostlight Records' digital release, set for May 27, makes the "Strange" OCR available in time to take advantage of the awards attention producers hope the show will receive after Tony noms are announced Tuesday.

Due to the time lag for manufacturing and shipping, the CD is not expected to be available in brick-and-mortar stores until July. Cast album was recorded April 14 in an unusual live session at the show's venue, the Belasco Theater. (Most cast albums are taped in a studio.)

"I wanted to make the music available in time for all the exposure the show is hopefully going to get in the next few weeks," said Sh-K-Boom/Ghostlight prexy Kurt Deutsch.

The iTunes exclusive reps another first for the old-fashioned legit industry, which like other sectors of showbiz is working to cultivate the benefits of digital-age fixtures such as YouTube and MySpace.

According to Deutsch, the initial iTunes-only release makes sense for a show like "Passing Strange," a rock tuner that aims to appeal to a young -- and therefore tech-savvy -- demo. In recent years, he has seen downloads jump from 5% to 25%-30% of sales for albums of youth-appeal tuners such as "Legally Blonde."

Deutsch and Bill Rosenfield exec produced the "Passing Strange" OCR, with Stew and Heidi Rodewald, co-creators of the musical, serving as producers.Passing Strange on iTunes May 27, 2008Last night I went to the SIGGRAPH LA event at Petersen Auto Museum. It was a terrific event and there was much inspiration and food for thought. I met my friend Chris Greazel there. It's always great to see Chris.

Apparently a touch screen "minority report" type interface for visualizing accessories has increased sales of accessories 30% for Lamborgini. Interfaces makin' BANK yo. The interface was done in Flash, the images pre-rendered and compsited on the fly, if I'm remembering that right.

I think more learning of 3-D modeling tools is in my future.

Saw many cool Low Riders. Saw Michael-Keaton era Batmobile. Saw Mach 5.

Chris' experiences seeing Speed Racer made me want to go even more. I'm thinking of seeing the IMAX version.

I need to vote in the SIGGRAPH elections. I'm a member now, and everything! I became a member after the EA event last month.

Chris said the first time we went to a SIGGRAPH thing was in L.A. in 1989. I thought my first one was around 1994. I can't remember. But I was definitely interested in computer graphics at that time. I'd go to any computer animation festival had by computer geeks, art museums, or science museums. It was amazing stuff.

We went to Canter's after. Good potato pancakes, substandard matzoh ball soup. Chris said his smoked turkey was excellent though. We talked, and sketched, and ate, (mostly talked) from about 10pm to 2:30am. As Leah might say, "that's how we do."

Chris lent me two books: one Bob McCall, one Jim Burns. Painted wonders decades old! I remember checking out the McCall one many times when I was in 6th and 7th grades. Beautiful paintings of a future that might have been.

Getting home at 3:30am is definitely difficult for my system.

We'll probably do another late night next month. We're plotting world domination.

Approximately.After Action Report: SIGGRAPH, Petersen Auto Museum, Chris, Canter'sMissing Persons is not a band I ever got way into, but I remember liking their music. My uncle had Spring Session M and we listened to that record on his stereo when we went to Lake Dolores (a long defunct waterpark halfway to Las Vegas). Keep in mind I was 10 years old in 1980 so was pretty much absorbing my music from family and radio at the time. It would not be for five more years that my musical tastes would really start "setting" as I got into Talking Heads, New Order and the like.

The thing that stands out most in these three videos is the decreasing vitality of the music and the increased vitality of the imagery of the videos. The musicianship is strong, but the songs just get weaker. It's easy to make fun of these videos as ridiculous. MTV was new at the time, and the imagery was fun and inventive. We take the deployment of effects and costume and "acting" by musicians for granted now, and the art has been refined so now some 25 years later we know what good music videos are like, and these aren't it.

A fun fact for me, retroactively, is to know that this band was formed out of the crucible of working for one of my favorite artists, Frank Zappa. Dale and Terry Bozzio, along with Warren Cuccurullo worked for Zappa for a number of years. Zappa was famous as a taskmaster toward his musicians, and when you listen to the music in these videos it's fun to appreciate the tightness of the guitar and drum parts. Dale also has wonderful control over her voice. She makes peculiar vocal choices, but it's definitely strange on purpose.

Like I said, I am not a huge fan of Missing Persons, as evidenced by none of their music being on my iPod, but perhaps I'll grab some and try and re-appreciate a band most folks probably make fun of for ridiculous outfits.

Come to think of it, perhaps I should reevaluate some of the bands the kids like because they seem like piffle.

Mental Hopscotch, 1980:



Words, 1982:



Right Now, 1984:



UPDATE: Credit where credit is due, I was prompted to think and pontificate about Missing Persons because of a post over on the excellent blog Kill Ugly Radio.Three by Missing PersonsDespite being excited about Speed Racer, I find myself unimpressed by the vast majority of the movies that come out. Two documentaries that are on tap look really great though.

The first is American Teen (via Slashfilm, and again):



The second is Surfwise (via Slashfilm):

Upcoming DocumentariesSo at lunchtime today I went and swam again. A week without swimming is like a week without sunshine, baby! Good to get back but it wore me out. Maybe I should have stretched before? I figure if I ramp up slowly that counts as stretching for swimming, but maybe I need to rethink that.

Anyway, the second thing I did at lunchtime was hit the Moorpark Library. I picked up a few things, among them the DVD of the documentary (yes! more documentaries!) Murderball.

Man! What an amazing film. Aside from frank and adult conversation about sex, I think this is a movie I think everyone would enjoy and learn from. These are the real people who are para- and quadraplegics. The sport of Quad Rugby looks like a hell of a lot of fun, and it along with other sports at the Paralympics are basically complete sports for folks who for whatever reason end up with limited or different physical capabilities. They are able to push themselves and really compete. Also, the chairs look like weapons. Leah was a little dubious when I told her we were going to watch a movie called Murderball along with dinner, but she liked it too.

I wish I'd have seen it when it came out, but this way I get to see it free and maybe encourage someone else to check it out.Murderball

On Thursday night, I went and saw Speed Racer in IMAX at The Bridge across the street from work. I mentioned before that I wanted to see it but nobody seemed to be excited about it but me, then I mentioned that my buddy Chris told me he saw it and liked it.

Leah and Devon and I (along with Dev's girlfriend) actually were considering seeing this last week on Mother's Day but logistically it ended up not possible because of the boy's coming back from a Model U.N. thing right when we were going to see it. Leah had not been excited to see it, it was more an excuse to hang with Devon and I know Leah was excited that I was excited.

I went alone after work Thursday. Nobody from work was excited to see it. Mind you, these are gamers, nerds, and fanboys--and I mean those terms with the utmost respect! I think part of what deterred people was that the advertising is very true to the film. It's outlandish.

Here's a fight between Racer X and some baddies.



Those lines of motion are a stylistic choice that is very much in keeping with the kinetics of the original animation. The animation in the original anime, and when I was a kid I never heard that term. Speed Racer was just this odd cartoon that I could watch when I visited my friends Celsito and Carlos. For whatever reason they liked Speed Racer. This would have been in about 1976-1978 or so.



Leave it to Wikipedia to catch me up on the history. I was 7 years old in 1977, and at that point the animated Speed Racer was already 10 years old. I only knew that the thing looked amazing and utterly unlike every other cartoon. It was like the white whale when I could actually see an episode. In retrospect much of the animation has a lot of basically static images with looping animation, and many images freeze frame with a camera move or zoom to emphasize the action. That technique seems like a cheat, and in less capable hands, it makes the animation suck. Scooby Doo, for example, is an example of a cartoon I dislike because of cheap animation tricks like this.

Sidebar: I stayed with Celsito and Carlos and their family when my sister was born. I vividly recall being called to their kitchen, which I remember as big and very white. They lived in a great house in San Gabriel. I was called to the kitchen to take a call from my father, who announced to me that I had a sister named Kelly. I was seven years old and it was awesome news but I had no idea what it really meant to me. The other thing I remember is someone (was it their Mom? or maybe a babysitter or housekeeper?) grinding masa to make tortillas. Oh, and they had some big Kiss posters too, in their room. Actually, I remember a lot more, but that's another subject.

So you might make the argument, given how many memories Speed Racer activates in my brain, that it's a pure nostalgia trip for me. I like Speed Racer because it is true, but enhances, something I enjoyed as a kid. That sounds roughly correct to me, and perhaps accounts for the limited appeal and so far, failing box office of the film.

The movie does have some real hokum in it. The characters are archetypes--pushed "to the max." This did not really bother me, I was carried away. The film has a lot of goofy digressions in it, visual jokes, outright slapstick, but that didn't bother me either. If you remember the cartoon, there's a lot of silliness with the younger son, Spritle, and his monkey Chim-Chim. They get into shenanigans, stowing away and accidentally getting into fights. They're very expressive and utterly unrealistic.



The action in the film is really great and really fun. When I got out, my co-worker Rich asked me if the movie was like a giant piece of candy--and I said absolutely. He didn't see it, but he nailed the thing that is so fun about it, it's like a giant piece of candy. The thing is made of magic, and it utterly sweet, and carries you along in a very satisfying way. I think if you don't want that sugar rush, or you can't suspend your disbelief, then you could be driven crazy by the movie. But I definitely was in the mood to have fun.



One of the things I enjoyed most in the movie was the attention to design--giant, over the top futuristic and retro design. Every square inch of the movie is designed. While in some movies, this actually takes you out of the "reality' of the movie. I think the Star Wars prequels are a good example of incredible design and creatures taking you out of the world they are trying to put you in. The original trilogy was grounded in many more practical effects. When Luke gets hit by something, or falls, it looks like it's really happening. When similar stuff happens in The Phantom Menace, it's usually clear that they are in a giant computer generated space. Something is lost there. Speed Racer somehow manages to steer clear of this, despite being almost completely invented space. The visual style is never realistic--it's always pushed into something that is peculiarly Speed Racer-ish, but always internally consistent.



As I said, I had a great time. It's actually likely that I'll try and see it again. I didn't even mention how impressive and clean the screen at IMAX was. It was huge! Initially I had a hard time taking it all in, but once the trailers were done I had figured out how to look at the screen and understand it. It's a scale I'm not used to in movies.

Go Speed Racer Go!Water temperatures this weekend are 59 degrees Fahrenheit, according to watchthewater.org. I really wish that site also covered Ventura County. I have to make due with the Nicholas Canyon numbers.

I wanted to go to Malibu to lap swim, actually, so I headed out at 10:30am or so. When I got there, however, the pool was full of guys renovating it. Later, I saw that it will be closed till the end of June. There was no water. Plan B I thought was going to be Calabasas (they have an awfully nice pool).

But instead, I drove a bit further south and saw what I could see. What I saw was scattered waders in the water with no wetsuits. I saw folks with dogs:



I drove south and kept stopping at likely spots. I found a spot with the right mix of lack of people, good parking, good waves. The place I picked is here:



I went in, there were maybe 4 other people sort of playing in the surf. I initially went in with no goggles, but I kept feeling big nasty rocks to scrape my feet, shins, knees with, and figured it would be good if i could see what was under me. So I grabbed my lap goggles and tried again.



Now, I've been whining about the water temperature for a while, and wondering if I could get in and enjoy it, rather than simply freezing. Turns out, 59 is not too bad. Considering the air temperature was in the mid-to-high 80s there in Malibu I think that differential must be a sweet spot. When the air temperature was in the sixties and seventies and I put my feet in there was simply no way to get in there. I'm not going to turn polar bear any time soon.

I had a good swim. I swam a little under a mile, exploring the area from rocky point to rocky point. Not much to see in the surfy area. I think much of what I saw were rocks deposited there to prevent erosion. It's more common, and probably good that they are protecting the shore like that, but I so prefer a big sloping beach with a nice break for bodysurfing, and little to no rocks.

Here's looking left:



And here's looking right:



And here's me, after swimming all the way left, then about half way all the way right, to where the houses were:



It was a nice surprise. I'm sore, a little sunburned, and I think I need a shave.Swimming in MalibuBack in April I tried and failed to swim in the ocean. It was just too cold.

But in traveling south from Camarillo through Malibu I did see these kiteboarders. That is not really my thing, but they looks like they were having fun! Yesterday along with the other photos I put up, I put up these from April:





Malibu Kiteboarders, AprilI had some side project-y stuff I wanted to work on, but instead: Saturday I went to the beach, and Sunday we went to Tyler's two basketball games.



I did blog though: about Speed Racer, and about going to the beach, I also uploaded a pile of photos to flickr.

This week is going to be busy, but I think it might be awesome!Weekend UpdateThe houseguests have arrived! We'll have my brother-in-law, his wife and their four (or is it five) year old son with us. Things will be different.

I have always loved living in housefuls of family or de facto family. It feels like the most natural state of affairs. I wonder if that's what a tribe feels like in some remote village. The closeness of family ends up a comfort.

Then again, this is the honeymoon phase. We'll see how it shakes out. As with all human relationships, there will be ups and downs. With good communication and good boundaries any conflict or trouble can be worked through.Houseguests!

Really wonderful silliness via B3ta: And now, live from Wimbledon, the interactive Pong championships 2008

Busy today. Lots happening. Behind on some side stuff, but the day job has to come first. Also, got to hit the pool at lunchtime. Promise to catch up soon!Tennis PongReally cool German BMW Ad which uses multiple motifs prop items from the film Blade Runner.



I like the usage of Science Fiction in unusual places. I'm reminded of a post from last December, Robot Meets Girl.Blade Runner BMW AdSo fun. Our new houseguests are big fans of the Narnia books. I got tickets to see the new Nania movie, Prince Caspian, and the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood. I think it will be fun!

I think we'll just drive and park, but it might be fun (or maybe easier?) to take the Red Line to the stop across the street from the theater. If anything we could park at the North Hollywood Park & Ride and take the train down. Cheaper, yes, but maybe less convenient. I don't know. Maybe we'll go to Musso & Frank's or The Pantry while we're at it.

Any Angeleno's out there want to make any suggestions?Plan for SaturdayWoke up early this morning and hit the pool early. Dawn Patrol baby!

Hehe. I wonder if you know that idiom. Do you? Well let's let the popup window spewing advertising fest about.com tell you: What is a "dawn patrol?":

For those unfamiliar with the term, "dawn patrol" refers to a surfers arrival to the beach at or just before sunrise.

The inclusion of the word "patrol" is idiosyncratic with the common conception of the casual surf attitude; however, the connotation of some militaristic mission impossible is justified. Once youve seen a surfer tune his equipment, pack his gear, and set off into the darkness intent on accomplishment, you might change your outlook on surfers forever.

Not bad. Basically surfers want to get there early for good waves. Beat the crowd. Get there first before real life intrudes. Dawn Patrol! Like if I keep repeating it you'll get it.

Dawn Patrol! is like a two word summation of "the early bird gets the worm."

We're having some oddball weather. Suddenly it's cloudy, overcast and even occasional showers. I'm not a fan, thanks.

Swim this morning was good. I'm still dealing with some lower back pain that I think is a result of overexertion from last weekend, or maybe something worse, it's possible my random fitness regime has left some of me better off than others, and I'm paying for it with my back. I'm actually considering going to see a chiropractor to see if they can advise me on stretches, exercises, things I can do before swimming, things I can do while working that might help. I feel fitter, but I have a long way to go.

Anyhoo, we're headed into a long weekend. Have a great one. It's Memorial Day, so please consider those who have served their country this weekend.

Hey! Onward.

Also, DAWN PATROL!

And lastly, GRAPEFRUIT SPOONS!!!!

Dawn PatrolMy friend and co-worker Mok is riding in the AIDS/LifeCycle -- Mok's Donation Page:

Mok is super cool, he advised me on where to find biking clothes and equipment down in L.A., and when I asked him where to buy swimming goggles, he pulled a pair out of his workout bag at work! That's seriously good service. By day he's a SQL Server database guru, but during the summer he turns into super-amazing mega-bike-ride man. I donated some money to the cause of fighting AIDS, won't you?

He actually got in an accident last week, some jerk in a car hit him. He's healing okay, but his bike is trashed. But he's working on getting a loaner for the ride.

The bike ride is 545 miles--San Francisco to L.A.--that sounds like fun, but it also sounds like torture. He says it's a great time. If I were in shape, I think I might do something like this. As it is, I'm just happy my back pain is less. :-)

Go Donate!AIDS/LifeCycle - Sponsor Mok!Friday afternoon I answered a tweet of the incomparable ChefJoanna which ended up getting one of our houseguests a very full night of work doing such things as separating crab from crabshell. Joanna needed a replacement assistant for the night, her regular assistant having gotten into a car accident. When I called her up on her phone and said who I was and what I was calling about there was a long pause at the end of the line---"uh, really?"--which in retrospect makes me laugh, laugh laugh, but during the phone call what I said was "not me, my sister-in-law!"

So Joanna got some needed help, and Heather (my s-i-l) got a full night of work. Who says twitter is useless?

Leah and I went to dinner for our weekly date night and purchased a replacement mouse for her laptop at Fry's. We also bought a copy of Bust magazine and a Toblerone. Yes, we truly do know how to keep the spice in our relationship.

I mock, but we really do know. I'm not sure how we do, but we do. We ended the 3 day weekend by buying Super Mario Bros on WiiWare. You really can't get more exciting that that.

Whoops, I've fast-forwarded through the chunky middle part of the weekend. Apologies.

Let's talk about Saturday.

The plan for Saturday I mentioned before. The five of us started the day at 11am or so by driving down into Hollywood. I felt in my element pointing out landmarks and what history I know. We got to the Hollywood & Highland complex early and so we all wandered Grauman's Chinese Theatre's front courtyard. We espied the footprints and handprints of the famous. Will Smith's feet are huge! The folks in costumes out front were sort of--well, they are what they are. There was a particularly sad pair of Superman and Supergirl, two Jack Sparrows, Darth Vader, Snoopy, and a particularly scary Catwoman. As I understand it there is documentary about the folks who busk in costume down there. Actually, busk? Are they entertaining? Are they simply panhandling? Are they hoping to be discovered? Are they mentally ill? The names in the concrete are impressive enough, but I asked Leah "is it possible that things can be both dingy and glamorous?" Her answer was a simple "yes." All that said, it was fun to see the names again, and see the newer names. I think I've not been down there to gawk in 10 years. I mock, but if you come visit us and you wanted to see it, I'd gladly take you down there.

Soon enough it was time for the 1:20pm show of Prince Caspian at the El Capitan. It's funny, I was not sure if I ever saw a film there. I remember having the thought various times over the years that it would be great to see (insert Pixar or Disney film name here) there. The place is, after all, owned by Disney. And it was indeed a great place to see a Disney film. The seats were not the most comfortable ever, but with some of my weight loss definitely more comfortable than it would have been 4 months ago. The VIP tickets I got for the five of us were a good investment--the place is beautiful. The details and decorations were stunning, and while we waited an organist seated at the center of the stage played songs from Disney films. The pipe organ sounded very impressive. I was not aware of how much history the El Capitan has. I did not know that Citizen Kane made its debut there. You can read even more about the theatre and the its organ at the American Theatre Organ Society. Prince Caspian was an impressive film, though I'll confess that I'm not as familiar with the Narnia books as I might be. I think my companions dug it and we all had a good time. Afterward we looked at some of the props and costumes from the film housed in the lobby and in the basement. It was impressive, though the line after the film was daunting. I think next time I see a film there I'll try and make sure we see whatever props and such from the film before the film and not after.

Afterward we were actually hungry. The little one in the group mentioned hot dogs, and so of course I thought Pink's, but Leah was psychically prepared for this gambit and said "NO PINK'S" just as I suggested it. Yes, she speaks in all capital letters sometimes. We too the slightly more sane, but equally tasty and quick and greasy solution: Carney's. At least the line is shorter and the view is better. The food was pretty good, and the company was great.

Aside: carneytrain.com is totally kicking the web like 1999.

Afterward, we trekked east to Griffith Park. Our houseguests have a fondness for geocaching, and amazingly, Leah and I agreed. Nathan had downloaded a few spots in Griffith Park to his handheld GPS and we drove around seeking it. The first one we sought turned out to be on the north side and not accessible to us since we came into Griffith from the Los Feliz side. The second one, on the other hand, required us to walk up to the Observatory. I'm always up for hitting Griffith Park Observatory. We sort of found the one up near there, and found a shedded snakeskin. It was a pretty day, at any rate:



So the first one was a bust, the second one not really a success, but the third one was a rousing success and we added ourselves to the logbook and even traded an item out. I might have the terminology wrong, but you can learn more about geocaching here.

Saturday was totally packed man. Sunday was mellower. I slept way in. I did a little bit of work, anticipating a day off Monday and the possibility of jury duty this week--I wanted to make sure I got some hours in to make up for it. Gotta keep the IRS debt train rolling. We're doing pretty well and on a nice self-imposed schedule of mailing off a check each 15th of the month. I think June's check will be nice and fat.

And yesterday I got up much earlier. There's so much that happened yesterday but none of it's really noteworthy. I spent a lot of time listening to podcasts and cleaning up the garage. And when I say "clean" I mean, moving things around, reorganizing, making space, and getting my feet very dirty. I love that my dirty feet gross people out (check the comments).



Our houseguests went to the beach. Leah slept way in, and I puttered around the house. It was a very good day. I even shaved!



Better than my stanky foot! But I look sort of--uh--stoned in this photo. I assure you I'm still straightedge baby.

The ending of the day was buying Super Mario Bros. for Leah, as I already mentioned. I was never a big Nintendo fan, we didn't have game consoles when I was a kid. I had my computers though. I do know how to play it though, exposed to it through friends. The WiiWare purchase process was impressively painless. The guys at work keep goading me into getting an Xbox 360--which with the Live Arcade service has been the most successful game download service. But another console has to wait until much later in the year. Financial priorities are where it's at, baby!

Speaking of digital downloads, I ordered Passing Strange on iTunes Plus. I've been listening to it as I write this blog post. So far, I love it. It'll be on heavy rotation for a while.

And that's where I'll start the week. Also, my feet are clean as a whistle now. Maybe I'll share another photo? Hah!Fry's, El Capitan, Geocaching & My Stanky Feet

Comment here."DISPAIR BREEDS JIHAD"After high school, it became something of a fetish of mine to travel from San Diego to Los Angeles and do various sightseeing. One of the things I (and my friend Chris) used to hit was the Art Center College of Design gallery.

For us, Art Center was the pinnacle of cool, of talent, of design. (I was going to use the word apotheosis of cool, but it looks like apotheosis applies to individuals). It was cooler than the coolest.

One of the things we saw there was a piece by one of the film students there, a music video that blew our minds with its futuristic pan-cultural motifs and artsy whiz-bangery. It was called Soy Cowboy, perfectly merging our own sensibilities about how the future was going to be Blade Runnered out. We'd be talking CitySpeak (in the original version of Blade Runner there was a voiceover explaining "That gibberish he talked was city-speak, guttertalk, a mishmash of Japanese, Spanish, German, what have you. I didn't really need a translator. I knew the lingo, every good cop did. But I wasn't going to make it easier for him."). To us, the future was so clearly Japanese mainly. And of course it is, but then it isn't, either. So here's another future that never quite came to be in the way its envisioners hoped. But hey, 1990 Joe would be pleased to hear there had not been a nuclear device detonated in anger by 2008.

So here we are almost twenty years later, and we do indeed have much greater access to pan-cultural products. If I want to listen to Thai pop music I no longer have to struggle to find it, I can download it. Sadly though, the band Soy Cowboy never took over the world. In fact, coming from a pre-digital age, it's struggled online only now. Chris I know has sought it out for a long time. The director is Tarsem Singh, who IMDB says graduated from Art Center and went on to direct the video Losing my Religion. He was interviewed in The Onion AV club last week. Yes, Art Center was definitely the ur-source of cool. The song is called "Lily Pads and Rock Cod." I surely hope you enjoyed it. I scarcely think it will have the same effect on you it had on me and Chris though.

"Meet me at the godown with the tapioca prawn."

Watch the video

What are YOU looking for, cowboy?Soy Cowboy: Lily Pads & Rock CodAt 7am this morning at the pool in Camarillo the kid (okay, he's probably like 18 or 19, but I've taken to thinking of anyone I estimate is 30 years or less as a kid) at the desk recommends the frequent pass.

I pay $3 a pop to swim there, and with this pass I can buy 10 passes for $27 dollars--buy 9, get one free.

I was surprised at the pride I felt at getting recognized as a regular. I must be doing something right. As I look back at some of my blog posts it looks like I've been swimming at least 3 times a week since March. I'm leery of buying the pass, if only because I don't want to be saddled with having to go to one particular place. I still go to Calabasas as well since it's on my drive home. Malibu is still closed, and it's not as convenient anyway.

Here are two photos from my drive this morning.



I'm proud of my regularity. SWIMMING regularity.Cool tool! If you have a Last.fm account, which I do, you can generate an image with the covers of the music you listen to: Last.fm Wallpaper Generator. It's out of date since I don't have Last.fm turned on these days, but it's not a bad representation.



found via the excellent Kill Ugly RadioLast.fm Wallpaper Generator

My latest favorite blogger is Nick Mamatas, writer. He writes as Nihilistic Kid. He writes about some stupid dust up about Rachel Ray and Palestine. I tend to avoid political blogs, but it turns out Michelle Malkin is a dope. Nick is funny. I remember him from a long time ago when Kynn did a comic strip about him in 2001, which I actually remember. Which means there are blogs I've been reading for 7 years.

Here's some funny, read it all if you dare!
The controversy apparently began when right-wing goofball Michelle Malkin noticed that Ray's scarf (not a keffiyeh, which do not come in paisley) reminded her of all sorts of awful things, such as a violence-promoting T-shirt [recently pulled from the shelves] depicting a young Palestinian boy in a keffiyeh carrying an AK-47 assault rifle, over the word Victimized. The T-shirt also featured the Palestinian flag, a map of the Palestinian territories and a small white dove. We all fear the political violence that inevitably spills out the doors of Urban Outfitters. Those stores are just like West Bank cafes, except that the storefront windows come "pre-ruined." Also, one time someone threw a pencil eraser shaped like Napoleon Dynamite's head at me.

Rachel Ray, Terrorist.So over on the right hand side of the main page of artlung.com there I include a statement about when I'll be available for work, and that just changed again. I am continuing on with Sierra for another two months while we continue an ongoing project. It's always simpler to renew something than it is to start something new, but Sierra has been very good to me, and I like to repay that good treatment with loyalty while they have a lot of different stuff going on.

Co-incident with that a friend of mine has been having multiple respiratory issues which honestly make me consider getting my Respiratory Therapy license again. It's like $500 in California, but it has me thinking about it. He's getting a BiPAP machine and feeling poorly. I hope he gets well soon!

In line with that I've been pleased to see my moribund respiratory care site, Rhonchi.com, be active these days, particularly this post: Are you a Respiratory Therapist? Do you blog? -- which was originally supposed to be a post trying to find RTs who blog, but has turned into a heated debate, cheerleading, and bitch session about the whole profession of respiratory care. It's a very good comment thread, with some vitriol, but real passion, which is great. I'm always interested to hear from fellow RTs (hah! I still self-identify as an RT! matter of a fact I still carry my RRT card from the NBRC in my wallet out of habit).

I'm hearing reports from my Mom that the latest chemo was too hard and she's regrouping a bit. I'm going to give her a call during my commute. If you are of a mind to say a prayer or have a good thought, please include her in yours. You can read more about my Mom and her struggle with Renal Cell cancer by looking here and working backwards. I love her so much.

Okay, time to get started on the day. Cheat Commandos, Rock, Rock Onward!Housekeeping Miscellany

So I talked to my Mom and she's having a rough go of it right now. Hard to hear that someone you love is in pain. Her spirits were high though, and I love her very much. She's looking forward to her and my Dad's 40th Wedding Anniversary June 15th.

Miss her a lot. Sometimes it's hard to live far from family.Commute

So a local (Culver City) car dealer started storing cars on the top of our parking garage. I always park on the roof, so anytime I am up there I see the cars. I have taken to think of these cars as an economic indicator. They all seem to be SUV vehicles. I wonder about why they are up there, and why there seems to be more every week. I suspect the fact that they're stored here has something to do with the price of gas.Rooftop Vehicle StorageI had gotten in the habit of blogging every weekday for the last few weeks, but broke that streak by not blogging on Friday or subsequently, until this lovely Sunday morning. So, yes.

What is to say, exactly? The answer is that there are quite a few random datapoints I could mention. Here are a few:

Kill Ugly Radio, a blog I've mentioned before, linked to this 1980 performance by Frank Zappa in Albuquerque of Harder than your Husband and Bamboozled by Love. A very interesting find, and I love hearing Ike Willis singing, regardless. The addition of Jimmy Carl Black ("The Indian of the Group") is particularly fun on Husband.

Last week I served my jury duty service in Ventura County, and when I say "served" what I mean is that after 5pm each day, I called to see if my number was being called. I was in group 047. Last week was a short week owing to Memorial Day, so it was a four day week. I liked those odds, so rather than claiming financial hardship, like I have every other time in my life I've been called, I agreed to take a shot at it. For Tuesday, Group 001 was called. I thought, hey, this is auspicious. That's a long way from 047! For Wednesday, it was 002 to 012. That was an elevenfold jump in the number of groups. Thursday was 013 to 037. That more than doubled the number of groups. I was really expecting to serve on Friday, losing a day of work, but also getting a valuable chance to carry out my civic duty, but when I called on Thursday night the groups called were 038 to 046. Yes, that's right, I was saved from jury duty last week by a counter that seemed to echo a million bad film and tv shows featuring countdown timers. With only 1 digit left, the red wire was cut, and the heroes and the Earth were saved. I'll take it.

WiiWare has been fun. Leah mentioned Super Mario Bros. And this weekend we've added Galaga and StarFox 64 to our roster of classic games. Tony was really intent on StarFox and digs it. I'm not very good at it, and in two-player versus mode I spend all my time evading Tony and not quite getting into position to shoot him. It was fun watching the boys play Super Mario though, but even more fun watching Mom play. They seemed mystified by the fact that this Mom-creature totally pwns this game, and is far better at it than them. It makes me chuckle every time. The thing that especially gets me about the game when I think about it is that Leah and her ex bought that game system for their one year old. They might as well have gotten their one year old a trampoline or a bike! Dev did eventually play it, but the innocent self-deception makes me laugh and laugh and laugh. 19 year old parents are funny! I mean, in retrospect, and along with laughing at them I am totally respecting their commitment to raising a child when they were barely adults themselves.

But yeah, funny. I'm actually chuckling again, as I think about it.

The Passing Strange Soundtrack did indeed come out, and it is awesome and moving and yes, I laughed, I cried, it was much better than Cats.

Swimming was good this week, though Friday I got a little freaked out by a largish woman who does things to kickboards. The first thing she does when not swimming is take a kickboard in one hand and slamming it loudly, bellyflopping it, first to her right, then to her left, and back, this is while standing in the shallow end. THWACK! right side. THWACK! left side. And again and again. It sounds like torpedoes being deployed from a patrol boat (perhaps the famous PT-109, which I once did a model of when I was a kid). This is disruptive, but I can ignore it. The other thing she does, much less ignorable, is take four kickboards and smash them down into the water, holding them there for half a second, then pulling them up, then pushing them violently back in the water. Maybe this is some upper body exercise? All I know is that the effect looks and sounds like she's violently trying to drown someone who is struggling against her, and she is having none of it. DIE, KICKBOARDS, DIE!!! is what I imagine she's saying to herself. Friday was especially odd because as I was exiting the pool, she asked me "sir do you want a kickboard oh sorry." All one breath like that, but she only decided to ask me as I was climbing the ladder to get out. NO I DO NOT WANT A KICKBOARD! was in my head but what came out was "No thank you." Her exercise routine freaks me out.

Gas prices are a factor in everything these days, but unexpectedly, both our driving kids cited it as a reason to avoid the 4.5 mile drive to our house. We're going to micro-subsidize this cost for Alex by a few dollars a month. I do want her to figure out what her gas mileage is though. It seems she puts in gas the same way I did, which is like five thimble-fulls at a time. Once while still in high school I believe I put in 75 cents of gas. This was at the AM/PM mini mart in Point Loma at the corner of Lytton and Rosecrans. I believe at the time that amount of money bought a little under a gallon. And actually, I think I made Chris get out and actually pay that night. I'm pretty sure he found it at least as pathetic as me. I think I made him go pay because I was too embarrassed.

Hacky sack! I've been carrying around this hacky sack (actually, a Sipa Sipa) for 18 years but have not gotten it out to try and kick it around for a long while. With my swimming I've gotten some better flexbility and wanted to try it out. I managed to cajole the boys into trying it out with me. The first time I tried this with them was five years ago, when the boys were 10 and 8. They're much better coordinated now. It did develop a tear in the past decades but Leah fixed that for me. Thanks lp!

I blogged about my Mom this week, and she did indeed have a bad week. But things are looking up and there's a plan to restart chemo at a gentler dose, and she's feeling better overall. Love and prayers go out to her and her health. Sometimes it's really hard to live far away from my folks.

I guess that's it for now. Next week Leah will be going out of town, so that'll be different. I expect she'll be blogging about that as the time comes for that. I expect to be busy as well, with some new deadlines on a project at work and a long dormant project coming back to life, too.
The Misc on the Bus Goes Round and RoundYesterday was great. We're a part time big family. 11 for dinner, one of whom was a girlfriend, one of whom was a friend. Leah did amazing job with the meal, and our houseguests provided a smashing success of a dessert. Well, I say houseguests but I mean Heather. Incredible cook, she is.

Anyhoo, no other updates, still behind on somethings, and possibly ahead on others. Read the last few posts if you missed them, some are pretty good.

Your suburban moment of the day:

Big WeekSo I've been swimming regularly and since I've not swum (is that right right conjugation?) this much since I was a teenager, I suppose it follows that I might come down with the Swimmer's Ear that was a hallmark of my summers as a teen.

I knew something was wrong Saturday as I was having a little pain in my jaw. I assumed this was a developing toothache, but on Sunday it became clear that the origin was not in the teeth in my jaw, but in my right ear. The pain is referred downward and makes chewing or talking uncomfortable.

Now, the typical treatment I got as a kid was some otic drops and maybe an antibiotic. After all, the inflammation of Swimmer's Ear is just some bacteria who hitched a ride into my ear from some water that got in there. Here's a Mayo Clinic article on treatment.

My ear infections got so frequent as a kid I devised my own treatment, vinegar in my ear. It's silly, and I end up smelling a bit like a salad, but in my experience it works. That Mayo Clinic article states not to swim, and I'm considering stopping swimming for a while. Yesterday I cut my swim short after work because the discomfort was too great. As a teen Swimmer's Ear didn't slow me down much except the first time, when I think my Dad warned me that if allowed to go unchecked, the infection could cause real damage: I could develop pus, hearing loss or worse -- it could end up killing my ear and the surrounding tissue. When my Dad said things like that I always imagined a melon-baller scooping out a piece of me and what that might look like. Grisley stuff.

I'm going to stick with my vinegar and motrin regimen. If I see no improvement I'll see a doctor. But on my homemade remedy, if I remember right, I should have significant results in 24-48 hours. I think what I need to do is prep with some ibuprofen before hitting the pool, and have vinegar with me post-swim to irrigate my ear.

In other news, Leah is going out of town this week, she leaves today for Colombia. I wish her well but she'll be back Sunday, so it shouldn't be too bad. Two of our houseguests are also on a trip, so for the week it'll be me and my brother-in-law. I expect we won't get into too much trouble. We both have plenty to do.

Onward.Swimmer's Ear & ColombiaLeah did leave last night for Colombia. I'm glad we said our goodbyes yesterday morning rather than having dinner at LAX, since it didn't work out to connect before her 9pm flight.

But I did work a little late last night. Nice night, but chilly. I think I needed a sweater last night.

I tried to hit the newsstand in Hollywood last night, but once again it's far too busy, so I went home. I'm thinking maybe I'll try and hit it sometime in the middle of the night or good and early in the morning sometime.

Earache still present, maybe milder, but still present. Still irrigating.

She's arrived safely as of 5:30am today, and napping now. I'm sure she'll have a great time. This morning I did some dishes and need to put out some donations for ARC before 8am. I'm looking forward to getting some garage space back.

Here are two photos I took last night. They're sort of evocative, if not in focus.



Late NightYesterday I saw the new Indiana Jones movie with Jukebox JT and his wife, and the seeing and the talking after was fun, but the movie is not, uh, good. But I don't want to talk about that. I've got a backlog of stuff to mention. Ready? Go!

I used to work with Electromute, I thought of myself as older and wiser -- very big-brotherly, then my life imploded and we were just friends. But this post she recently blogged (after not blogging, like, ever) makes me feel proud of her in that familiar big bro way.

Leah is still in Colombia and has no flickr access and spotty internet, but still managed to post some photos and words. Awesome! Miss her a lot but hope she's having a great time.

Undercover Black Man has blogged a third time about the UK band Black Kids and it's about time I posted the video: I'm Not Gonna Teach Your Boyfriend I like from them. I just sent it to my pal Erin with the subject "Like the Cure with a better sense of humor, also cuter":



I kid. I still like the Cure pretty well.

John Scalzi's take on the current election cycle is enjoyable.

Oh, and I'm happy that Obama is the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. VERY happy.

Paul Kedrosky is a financial guy who I enjoy reading -- he posted a video of a TV piece that featured talking about the 2-for-1 housing deal.

Nick Mamatas continues to make me laugh -- this one Some some some I some I murder some I some I let go -- I've read it several times, and showed it to Leah. Becuase sometimes, it's not about the art, it's about getting paid. Actually, it reminded me of this post: An Amusing Bit of Unnecessary Encouragement from Scalzi.

Speaking of money, it's been two weeks since I've gotten a paycheck. The dayjob is so funny. They seem not to manage transitions very well. They get very predictable in when the checks get cut (I invoice weekly), then they're simply not. Thank God Leah and I have built up an emergency fund for when they get goofy. I also like that they've started to feel guilty when they have these hiccups.

I've been reading this blog, from a local SEO company. Mostly it's overly verbose, but this post has a nice summary of a conference session: Diagnosing Web Site Architecture Issues from the Search Marketing Expo: SMX Advanced 2008held in Seattle this week. Good links to useful tools.

Also, why aren't you reading Cat and Girl? Still my favorite webcomic.

Another webcomic: Dumm Comics is new, but daily during the week, and funny. It's an anthology and a clever idea. My favorite is Katie Rice's Skadi.

I continue to look forward to the Watchmen movie. Evidence: here and here. At the very least it looks excellent.

That's all the misc I can fit into the past hour, so that'll have to do it.

What are you reading these days? What's got you thinking and laughing? Please post it in the comments!Oh, the incredible miscellany of it all; Who I'm reading these days

Back in January I indicated I wanted Obama to be my President. I still do.Thank You, HillaryPay no attention. Thanks. Also, very busy. No blog post today. Glad Leah's back though.Test Post.

Very enjoyable.

And also: Stew Plays Drunk at the Obies (read the whole thing), it does get a bit too wild for work:



Because of Stew, I am looking forward to the Tony Awards.

I don't believe it either.Stew on Theater TalkInterview with Stew

Hilarious and insightful, as he often is:

Here's a quote!
What did you know about theater or Broadway before you developed this show?

Very little. I had a lot of respect for people like Bertolt Brecht. I had read Brecht, and he touches a lot of rock performers more than any other theorist or writer in the theater world, I think, because his theories are very rock 'n' roll. Like the way he talks about the way an actor plays a role without trying to make anyone think that they are that character, and reminds the audience that they're watching a play. In high school, when you're a rock 'n' roll stoner, your mortal enemies are the thespians. We thought that musical theater was the dorkiest thing in the world and had nothing to do with the music we listened to. And quite frankly we still feel that way. I mean, uh, we don't understand why Broadway doesn't, for the most part, utilize the music of the street, the car, the headphones.Drop Everything for this Stew InterviewBeat that, internet!My Wife Met Juan ValdezInteresting interface, nice timeline, pretty. I intend to look at the JavaScript under the hood.



[larger]Plurk. Yes, another social network with dubious merits.

Wood Beez is turning into one of those songs that I play over and over and over and over in an effort to, what, understand? Get it? Enjoy? The video is deconstructionist frippery, and ultimately harmless. The black pride salute reference is an interesting choice.

I remember liking Perfect Way and Wood Beez, and taping them off the radio (91X, Rock of the 80s as they were called in the 1980s) onto cassettes, but it never got past that. Turns out Scritti Politti are a rather interesting band, or rather Green Gartside is an interesting engine that powers the band. Here's the main internet fansite. It's suitably odd and enjoyable.

In 1985 I was 15 years old and was much more info Talking Heads and New Order and Roxy Music. A lot of other stuff too, but those were the bands I was obsessed over. Scritti Politti was cool but it wasn't the kind of nonsense that hit me in the gut. Now, when David Byrne screams "You can't see it, until it's finished!" on Artists Only, that hit me in the gut.

There are 1980s stations now, but the range of what they play tends to miss songs like Wood Beez or odder fare like Gang of Four or Pere Ubu or Nina Hagen--but these are the oddities that I think of when I think 1980s. Wood Beez + Scritti Politti + 1980s Music

View on the way into work today. Pretty in a June Gloom way. Onward into the weekend!June GloomKeep your kids safe.



via Kynn.Silliness of the DayPoints that may or may not represent a plane.

Had a nice father's day. Got a Happy Father's Day card from the kids and none of the four kids felt it necessary to add "step" to my appellation. A nice surprise.

Drove by the beach yesterday, pretty.

Talked to my Mom and Dad yesterday on their Anniversary. Mom feeling good! Will restart chemo in July. Enjoying life. Wished my Dad a Happy Father's Day! Love them. Sometimes difficult to live so far away from them.

Got my Hulk Cup on. Goes with Iron Man cup.



Slurpee cups are a very cheap hobby.

Another topic altogether: Our three houseguests continue to be a great blessing to us.

Dayjob going great working with a good team, and most importantly, with another programmer who's much smarter than me (or at least smarter than me in interesting new areas) on a cool project. No other details available to the public at this time.

Currently not impressed by the invoice-paying mechanisms of dayjob. Five invoices in, one of which is now past due. Baby needs a new pair of shoes. So does the IRS. Leah was saying our ability to weather this unexpected interruption of predictable cashflow is testament to our new, good financial practices. I might call that the Dave Ramsey effect.


It's great to have Leah home, even in small ways. Her Colombia posts are great.

My swimmer's ear is cleared up, huzzah. Work should be less intense this week, so I intend to swim tonight.

Movies enjoyed this weekend: An Affair to Remember, Tron, and High Fidelity.

Mr. Bird needs more time out of his cage. He's getting more anti-social. We have to work on that.

And thus, the week begins. Rock on.Oh, right, blogging. Hi!In March I wrote about a recruiter calling me "Laurel":

Today's bad automated email starts like this:

Hello Elderberry

The following position is open with one of our largest billion dollar clients.

Please review the requirement below with our direct client.If you are interested, please send an updated resume in a word document format and we will call you to further discuss.

NOTE:

I want to apologize in advance if you are receiving this e-mail and it does not match your professional expertise. We utilize a search tool that does its best to match required skills with your skills and in most cases; it is approximately 90% accurate. Resumes that are searched are located on one of 4 major job boards.

If the requirement below does not match your job expectations or your skill set, you may still want to e-mail your resume with the type of position desired.  We work on positions throughout the USA and abroad.

Search Engineer
Location: North Hollywood, CA
Job Type: Contract
Duration: 6 months with extension. (potential temp to perm)
Rate: $35 hr.

No, my name is not Elderberry, either. I did live on Elderberry Avenue a little while back.

DATA MINING FAIL.My Name Is Elderberry! How Do You Do?Last night at LA Flash: Chumby Fest! I had the incredible thing happen, I won a Chumby. It's cute, and hackable. I will be adoring its cuteness and hacking its hackability when I get some time.

Work is busy right now, and I'm enjoying it a great deal. It's stretched my OO skills in PHP5, and stretched my understanding of REST and lots of other stuff too. It's enjoyable and maybe sometime I'll talk about it more in depth.

Dev is staying with us for a while. We're turning into a packed house. Though two of our houseguest and Leah are in Utah. They're sisterizing. I look forward to the safe return of all of them.

Got paid, which I whined about on twitter and here. We are again able to meet our obligations. I've no idea if dayjob is going to be late with their checks again, but we're ready if they do it to us again.

Yesterday tried to swim, but Camarillo changed their dang hours on me! I was confronted with water aerobics ladies instead of my normal lapswimming. Add that to the fact that it was four-to-a-lane on Monday night for swimming at Calabasas, and the ocean is looking pretty attractive for usual swimming habits. That, or dawn patrol.

I mentioned already that my swimmer's ear is gone, right? Well, it is.

Sunday night we watched the Tonys and were delighted that Stew won Best Book of a Musical. We watched the whole Tonys and had a good time. Who knew that I'd eagerly look forward to the Tonys? It defies rational explication. Well, maybe it can be explained, I do love Stew.

I mentioned that I won a Chumby right? Still can scarcely believe that.

Okay, time to begin the day.



In Brief: Happily...to add levity to my busy days. Learning lots, doing lots. Love that Zod!



General Zod Never FailsNine months ago I went to BarCampLA4.



Now it's July and I find myself wondering why I never posted this draft. I guess it got superceded by this post.

I brought in ice and some grape soda and 7-up. Also, Nilla Wafers! I didn't go the first day, but came the second, Sunday. It was awesome.



I had a really great time, learned what a Chumby was for the first time, saw great code demos, and got smarter.





After BCLA4, I ate dinner (Sheperd's Pie) at Royal Clayton's on Industrial around the block from the Greyhound Bus terminal.

I got to shake the hand of RMS, who also had closed the unconference.



See all my photos tagged barcampla4, and those of others.

I guess I intended to write more, but I never did. I think the thing about drafts that I intend to spend time on is that I just need to push them out there, because I always seem to have more to write about.

http://www.flickr.com/photos/sophistechate/2667212365/

I'm in this photo!

https://www.flickr.com/photos/sophistechate/2668044708/
Bar Camp LA 4 Rocked (Post Retrieved from Drafts)MAS did it, then JeSais did it, and heck, I was curious. What is the number of times I've posted to blogs I've participated in?

artlung.com: 3,160 posts on my personal blog (posting since 2001).sandiegoblog.com: 698 posts from me on my old city blog. No longer posting there much since I sold it.ronny vardy fan: 75 posts, mostly just imagesrhonchi.com: 73 posts on my Respiratory Therapy blog.

Total: 4006 Posts as of today.ArtLung Blogpost CountShe's not as public a person as me, but she is so awesome and so beautiful and I'm very happy for her and proud of her.

Here's a photo of my little sister and her husband on their wedding day.

My Sister Is BeautifulIf I were to try to try and describe the contents of my brain, I think the simile I'd use would be that it's like the tornado in The Wizard of Oz, with a swirling mass of items rotating around in it -- a messy mass.

But that tornado does move the plot along rather well.

It's been hot here in Moorpark, very hot. This is rather inconvenient for us because our central air conditioning broke down over a week ago. We're using a backup system of every-room-gets-a-fan and take-it-easy-during-the-day. The landlord is working on this issue for us. I'm hoping that we get a new AC unit soon, though it sounds like in the meantime they're going to replace the compressor.

Also on the home care front, we have ants. On Sunday we had a full scale invasion in one part of the kitchen. We dealt with that one, regrouped vulnerable foodstuffs, placed the Grant's traps, and we were good. They came back somewhat, and on Monday night we placed some foundation chemicals around the perimeter where the ants have been originating. They came back, escaping our chemicals by choosing to go up walls and along the ceiling before coming down toward the main kitchen area. I find this rather innovative, but I don't have enough admiration to let them be. So this is how last night I ended up mounting some of the traps along the ceiling.



Also on the home front, Devon, oldest of the four kids at age 19, has moved in with us temporarily before he moves in with some buddies in July. It's a rather nice surprise to have one of the kids with us 100% of the time. He also has two baby feline companions with him, which is really the reason he's here. They were banned from his Dad's house, so here we are. I was a bit worried about him earlier this year, but he seems to be getting it together rather nicely and I'm proud of his progress toward adulthood.

Work is busy, and complex, and good. I don't really want to say more than that at this point. My contract will be up at the very end of July and I'm not sure what I will do next.

Financially things are going well. We had that hiccup about getting paid earlier this month, but at the moment we're where I want us to be. We always could be doing better, but this very month we retired two smaller (one less than $1K, one for $3k) two debts. Retiring a debt is always a great thing. The IRS debt looms largest, because they are the dog with the most menacing teeth, but for now we're paying nice and regularly and we're on track to be ahead of the game for 2008's taxes as well. Just barely, but we will be there. That's rather exciting for me. Obviously life will intrude on such declarations, but I think even if Murphy's Law visits us, our emergency fund is there for such things. We're still on "step 2" of Dave Ramsey's Baby Steps.

Strange as it may seem, the most profound spiritual sustenance I get these days are in listening to Dave Ramsey, swimming, and looking at the ocean. I also have embraced some of my more theistic attributes in quieter ways, though talking about it here may not be something I'm ready to do. I'll leave it at that.

Ramsey is a very smart communicator, and his experiences (getting rich, going bankrupt, getting rich again) give him the kind of wisdom I respond to well -- hard won intelligence and compassion. Had you told me that I would enjoy the financial radio show (I listen to the free podcast) of a Christian Evangelical Conservative I would not have believed you. But the Baby Steps make good sense. Whenever he talks politics or government I disagree, unless he's saying "don't look to Washington or the Presidential candidates to solve your problems" which I agree with. I think he ignores the public works projects this country has done which have done good. But no matter, what he's best at is talking to real people -- single parents, twenty- and thirtysomethings, young marrieds, middle-agers, retirees -- and helping them deal with good and bad decisions to help give them financial peace. The short version is that debt is almost always a poor choice. The only debt he likes, and only begrudgingly, is a mortgage for a home -- and only if you can put down a big down payment and get a 15 year fixed mortgage. All other debt - credit cards, car loans, student loans, borrowing for a business, borrowing from family, are bad. When people call in with trouble and confusion asking "why am I not able to make ends meet" he's able to turn that call into an opportunity to dissect what's not working in broad strokes and give practical advice. It's rather marvelous. Some people's problems are relatively easy -- bought a car you can't afford, get rid of it -- but for some it's a layoff and health problems compounded with an adjustable rate mortgage that has kicked in bad. He is able, somehow, to deftly advise these folks to get traction on their finances. In the most desperate situations, he tells people how to prioritize what they can do -- yes pay rent, utilities and food, no, don't pay that stupid credit card, yes sell the car. Yes, not paying your credit card will ruin your credit, but that's where you are anyway, so you have to get your income up and run your money, rather than letting your money run you.

When I think about how long I let my money run me, not being proactive about the decisions I took, I get a little shocked by how ignorant I was in the ways of money. Budget? What's that? Financial future? What's that? But I must say, Ramsey put it all together for me as I got my life back together.

I didn't mean this post to get so financial, but it's what's on my mind now.

Time to get to work. Remote today. Have a great day.On My Mind NowChuck got married. Mazel tov!

There's a Princess Bride Game, and I can't quite tell if the thing is serious.

These primitive sketches for some notable web sites are interesting.

These four calendar pages are Surfrider Foundation. The pages make their point pretty well.

Surfers versus Paparazzi. My bet would be on the surfers.

John McCain has a load of credit card debt. That's just so dumb.

Also, his website is bad.

Have you recently moved to mass transit from driving in the L.A. area? If so, the L.A. Times wants to talk to you.

Only 73 percent of American atheists don't believe in god.

Interesting quote from Douglas Crockford: There has been a lot of news recently about mismanagement at Yahoo. It is good to be able to point with pride at something that Yahoo does that is extremely smart. The Exceptional Performance Team is one of the things that makes me proud to be at Yahoo.

Adriano Santi, a fellow 3ones member, opens an online store to show and sell his work. If you're moved, buy something!

Code Rush is a documentary about Mozilla which I downloaded and intend to watch.

How do I get John Kricfalusi to draw caricatures at my parties?

Regina Lynn's blog SexRev 2.0 launched a few weeks back with some tech help from me.

Anil Dash's piece about the philanthropy of Bill Gates is worth a read.

This graph of oil prices from Forbes from 1861 to today is quite interesting. via Paul Kedrosky

Track the shuttle and international space station in realtime!

That's it for today.


Around the WebI underestimated Camper Van Beethoven when I was younger. Yes, I loved this song, and also Good Guys and Bad Guys, but I missed how interesting they were, probably because their sound is so organic and folky. But I've rectified this by picking up their new "best of" collection called Popular Songs Of Great Enduring Strength And Beauty. It's been an extraordinarily busy week this week at the dayjob, and for several of those days I enjoyed some major CVB.

Cracker, which is a follow-on group from CVB, is a song I've enjoyed for one song, the long, cynical, sad, wonderful song Euro-Trash Girl.

With that prep, I invite you to watch and listen to the wonderful Take The Skinheads Bowling:

Everybody's coming home for lunch these days: Camper Van BeethovenSo I went almost a week without blogging, then the 4th of July happened, and now it's the weekend. Now I can catch up with some blogreading, and perhaps I'll share some of the things I find with you. Perhaps I'll even share some of my own thoughts about this past week. Let's start, shall we?

Cliff Chiang is an illustrator and comics artist whose style I like very much. His style is an interesting mix of subtle realistic touches and interesting graphic touches. Take a look at some his commissioned sketches from Heroes Con.

Also in comics and fine art is the flickr stream DECONSTRUCTING ROY LICHTENSTEIN. I am a big fan of Roy Lichtenstein, and have been since I was a teenager, and this is the kind of wonderful resource that the internet enables.

I've been thinking a great deal about how the internet inherently changes things like scarce information or difficult connection. Jason Scott has a thoughtful, deeply personal post about his own fanhood, obsession, appreciation for The Art of Noise. His description of always seeking Art of Noise product at every record store he went to resonates with me. That means I DID THAT TOO. Not for The Art of Noise, but for Talking Heads, New Order+Joy Division, They Might Be Giants, and the like. The last bands I did this over were Christina Aguilera and Frank Zappa. Of course now Tower Records went defunct, and record stores mean almost nothing. It's an entirely different world of music and fandom. My the media I consumed in my teen years and early twenties would have been entirely different had I had ready access to the utilities and fansites and retail venues on the internet. Once again I'm reminded that we live in this future.

Audrey Kawasaki has a new print called Okimiyage, and in her post about it she includes some closeups and photos of the process of getting it made. Check out this post about the printing process as well.

Comics blog "The Beat" notes that Kansas City Barbeque, in downtown San Diego, burned. Big bummer! The post on the KCBBQ website is pretty heartbreaking.

Another post on The Beat is R Stevens goes back to sticks with the web, about Diesel Sweeties moving away from print after moving toward it. Sounds like being a webcomic can be an end unto itself.

More art and process: go visit PUMML: Artblog of Drake Brodahl. He is doing some wonderful work, and I intended to mention his own post on process some time ago. So now I am.

I'm not vegan, but I like the idea of a Vegan joint map of Los Angeles.

I had no idea that the Boys & Girls Club Gym here in Moorpark was damaged beyond use, but I'm glad it was repaired: Club gym opens after 6 months of repair . I'm also happy to see that the Moorpark Acorn moved to color photos on the web. I still don't read the print version.

This vintage ad for Brylcream is awesome.

Cubecraft has paper models you can print and assemble into many cool characters. I like MODOK, Dr.Zoidberg, Dr. Manhattan, Mario, and The Prince from Katamari Damacy.

Did you notice that after a long hiatus, Leah blogged? Nice to have her post again, if only for a minute.

Doc Searls, a person who I look up to as a blogger, has been blogging about the Gap Fire. He's also twittering the gapfire at twitter.com/dsearls. The sunset when viewed from Thousand Oaks last night was very pretty -- I think partially because of particulates from that fire.



When Jason Calacanis criticizes Nick Denton, that's noteworthy to me. Background: At one time, I thought I wanted to be one or both of these men. Now I don't. I'm no blog impresario. Unlike Charles Foster Kane, I don't think it would be fun to run a newspaper.

I also think Rachel Maddow is super-awesome.

The other day I got a comment via email about And then, I tried to catch up with my blogreading.Matt & Beth Lee are now parents. I'm so happy for them. I expect this was an amazing 3 day weekend for them.Sassy DadMan, It's So Loud In Here

Baby, check this out. I've got something to say.

Man, it's so loud in here.
When they stop the drum machine
and I can think again,
I'll remember what it was.

And also, James K. Polk:


in four short years he met his every goal
he seized the whole southwest from Mexico
made sure the tariffs fell
and made the English sell
the Oregon territory
he built an independent treasury
having done all this
he sought no second term!Lyrics of the MomentThe Pro From Dover Sees Surfboards

Maybe I should get up earlier more often.The Morning SunThis post is inspirational for me as a programmer: Call Me Fishmeal.: Pimp My Code, Part 15: The Greatest Bug of All

Software is written by humans. Humans get tired. Humans become discouraged. They aren't perfect beings. As developers, we want to pretend this isn't so, that our software springs from our head whole and immaculate like the goddess Athena. Customers don't want to hear us admit that we fail.

The measure of a man cannot be whether he ever makes mistakes, because he will make mistakes. Its what he does in response to his mistakes. The same is true of companies.

We have to apologize, we have to fix the problem, and we have to learn from our mistakes.

via Waxy.orgThe TruthHey-o:

Leah and I are going to BlogHer this weekend, now I, not being a woman, and wanting to relax anyway, am going to be chilling in San Francisco Friday and Saturday (Thursday night and Sunday morning too, but to a much lesser extent obviously, since we're driving from and to Moorpark those days). So I'm speculating on stuff to do in San Francisco. I've made a map with some possibilities. Do you have other suggestions? I made this list based on San Francisco Bay Guardian's Best of the Bay 2007. Please note: I have been to the Embarcadero, I've been to Alcatraz, and I've been on the cable cars before. I may do them again, but I think what I want is to get the feel for how the city lives more than anything else. Suggestions, comments, and maybe offers of lunch (Hi Al and Ingrid!) are welcome.

If this map works, I'll be pleased.

View Larger MapSan Francisco Suggestions?I just can't get this song out of my head, and I don't care one whit, not one jot.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5FyfQDO5g0

Chemical Brothers, Let Forever BeLet Forever Be

I get to see my sister and her husband (just married!) tonight, and Leah and 3/4 of the kids, PLUS one of the kid's girlfriends will accompany us. Pretty cool.

This morning I'm looking (blearily) at the Facebook redesign deployment. Inside Facebook is a useful site for looking at developments on the Facebook platform.  One of my accounts is seeing the new redesign by default, my older one, the newer one can see it when I add "new" in part of the subdomain:

http://www.facebook.com/ vs. http://www.new.facebook.com/

It looks like if your account is already getting the ".new" version then you cannot go backward. Screen real estate much enlarged for applications, more room for ads, and more breathing room overall.

Some background. Not exactly how I feel, but close.The whole thing is going pretty well. Tired but in a good way, San Francisco has been hospitable. Meeting many people, places, things. I will post more when I am able.

In the meantime, my twitter stream is a pretty fun representation of stuff I'm up to.BlogHer BlurHad a fun time, did not get to do all I wanted to do and all you suggested I do. But I had a good time and am feeling good. Ladies and Gentlemen, it's time to start the week!



Back from BlogHer!As the clich&eacute; goes: the more things change, the more they stay the same.



Detail from this mural from Coit Tower, built in 1933, during the Great Depression:



These photos are from my series of photos of the murals at the base of Coit Tower, from last week when I visited San Francisco.Mural Headline: "Home Foreclosures; Banks Refuse U.S. Home Loan Bonds"Lots happening. In lieu of a content post tonight, here are some photos from San Francisco!






Coit Tower, Lombard Street, MeSo here's the deal kids.

Today, Monday 28 July, 2008 was my last on-site workday at Sierra Online. Working at Sierra was a pleasure. Altogether pleasant and professional people there, and several new friendships formed. Alas, like most things, it had to come to an end. There are changes afoot for Sierra, and I hope all there have the most best things happen for them.

Tomorrow, Tuesday 29 July, 2008, Leah and I will fly to a tropical island for a vacation with several other members of my extended family. For a week. I am hopeful that I can chill out and not think about what my next job might be, and jQuery, and YUI, and FBML, but it's likely I will be thinking about those things, but if it's with a lovely view, that'll be a net win.

I'll probably be lining up times for conversations, phone screens, and phone interviews with recruiters, hiring managers while I'm there. Let's hope I also get some beach time in.

After a week of that, Leah and I and the kids will be driving in a northerly direction to visit Leah's sister's place in rural Washington State for even more chill out time. It will be a relief to go on a family vacation that is not, in actuality, a visit to Utah. Utah is awesome, don't get me wrong, but we've needed to branch out for a while. The kids are looking forward to seeing their cousins and I'm looking forward to sleeping.

I still owe many new BlogHer acquaintances emails and a roll-up blog post. I've had fun friending them on twitter and flickr and starting to read their blogs. Lots of cool people.

Maybe tomorrow before we fly. Oh, and I should pack, too. We'll see.HapsDaniel Henninger of none other than The Wall Street Journal, asks "Is John McCain Stupid" and basically comes up with the answer, "yes."

Sitting on beaches and wandering around the isle of Maui, I'm far removed from politics this week, but that headline caught my eye.Is John McCain Stupid?In 1988 I, along with my pal Chris Greazel, saw William Gibson read at a bookstore in La Jolla, above La Jolla Cove. It was intimate, maybe two dozen people in the audience. We had a great time, and it felt like we'd had an audience with the pope. I'm not sure why it was that we were so compelled by science fiction, but we lived and breathed the thing that excited our brains more than anything else. Well, maybe we pined for women more, but we had no hope there, so what we had was design, futurism, Blade Runner, and especially Cyberpunk.

A few months ago Leah and I went to Pasadena and watched William Gibson give a short reading from Spook Country, his latest book, and now in paperback.

Here's a blurry photo in which Mr. Gibson is a small smudge in the lower right corner:



William Gibson still inspires me, but it's a measure of my ability to sustain my priorities that I did not pick up Spook Country in hardback, and will get to it in paperback eventually. My eyes are on different goals. Fiction ends up taking a back seat to autiobiography.

I've written about William Gibson before: see other posts tagged William GibsonWilliam Gibson(I started this post in 2007 and left it as a draft, I think because I found the subject matter too maudlin).

In 2006, in the post Joe Cool, I wrote:

I find Charles Schulz to be a tragic figure though. Based on the interviews I read, he never fulfilled the ambitions of his life. Maybe I am misreading him -- maybe he was self-critical, but despite having created the most popular comic strip of his age and becoming fabulously wealthy, he didn't consider himself a "real artist" because his medium was not oil paint and canvas, it was bristol board and ink -- and because his work was in the newspaper, not in a "real gallery."

What I had read was a book called Conversations with Charles Schulz, which I had bought in 2002: Third Best Comic Book Store Ever.

In 2007 a book came out called Schulz and Peanuts: A Biography which brought out some controversy because it brought out a "darker side" of Charles "Sparky" Schulz. The controversy brought out some interesting commentary about Schulz, from his family, from fellow comics professionals, and about the nature of biographies. I followed it in earnest, but I didn't get the book, because, well, I think I already understood something about Schulz from having read so many different interviews with him in Conversations.

Herewith are some of the links I collected from that time period:

Charles SchulzWay back when, as a group, WebSanDiego, or at least parts of it, went to see Startup.com at the Ken Cinemar. That was fun. I think that was the first time I met Pinguino in person!

I made this graphic as part of a promotional page for the event. I think it still looks pretty good for being thrown together with the MacOS 8 tools available to me at the time.



WebSanDiego Movie Night, 2001Most interesting (also most commented -- 15 comments):



Most views (4981 views):



(Second) Most comments (10 comments):



Most favorited (7 favorites):

My "Most" Images on FlickrTotally sublime moments from the trip from the airport Tuesday.





Two from the ride from the airportIt's awfully pretty here. In the distance that island is Molokai. She's been a voracious reader for the past 2 weeks or so. Almost a book a day.

Leah ReadsA few observations:

Payments to the IRS seem to be processed very fast. Like faster than any other payment we make.

Our stimulus payment from the IRS was credited to our outstanding balance too (nice!) and they sent us a nice letter to that effect.

Budgets are not as bad as the ten-years-ago me would have thought.

In ten years when I have real wealth I'm really curious about what I might be doing. I suspect I'll be taking lots of classes and travelling much more. This trip we're on now is an anomaly. It's generously being paid for by my Aunt. And next week we're taking a family vacation that I think is the kind of thing we'll be able to do more of in the future, and sooner than ten years.

Following my bank accounts daily is rather like looking at the power level in a fighting game. You want to see how much reserves you have so you can keep punching.

The other morning I found two alien transactions in our joint account. Not me, not Leah. And if that happens, it's fraud. I know MAS will chide me for banking with them, but WaMu took good care of me, credited me for the fraud, and put it all in motion to get it resolved.

In two years we've retired about $35k in debt. Still about $68k to go. I feel like we can keep this pace. We need to get smarter about taxes though. Otherwise that's going to be a bite every time, all the time. We are working on it.

Chill time in lovely Maui has not caused my brain to atrophy. If anything it gives me time to think about things more deeply.On The Money FrontKahana, Maui, Hawaii

Behind the ResortAnother unearthed post, half-thought, half-written, and now posted, post-dated.


I suppose some folks can just quit blogging. The main story of bloggers who stop blogging is that they can't actually stop.

I'm not talking about the sad characters who read they need a blog, do it for a week and then their sites sit on blogspot.com for eternity.

I'm talking about people who manage to get blogging several times a month for years. In my experience these people get hooked on blogging and even if they quit, they come back eventually. Maybe it takes years, but they come back. They always come back.

I thoroughly expect to see Leahpeah start blogging again, for example, though my saying so probably will delay her further.

BlogquittingSome months ago I was prompted to learn a bit more about the tools out there for offline and online alternating blogging tools. Not server software, but applications which allow you to compose your blog and post when you have online access. I was not very impressed by any of them, but then I also am not part of whatever the demographic is that wants these tools.

So here's the list I came up with, lo those months ago:

MarsEdit 2 (I'm still astonished that author does not include WYSIWYG)
http://www.red-sweater.com/marsedit/ (for Mac) (30 day trial, cheap)
http://www.red-sweater.com/marsedit/faq.html no WYSIWYG! Ouch!
- not yet tested

BlogDesk
http://www.blogdesk.org/ (for Windows) (free)
- tested it, works great

Windows Live Writer
http://windowslivewriter.spaces.live.com/ (for Windows) (free)
http://wordpress.com/windows-live-writer/
- worked pretty good. kind of impressed Microsoft has a product like this

ScribeFire
http://www.scribefire.com/ (addon Mozilla) (free)
- seemed to work okay, Firefox plugin

It's All Text
https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/4125
- not really offline, but sort of interesting
- I didn't use this enough to form much of an opinion

Also check out this post: Improve Your Workflow with a Blog Editing Program and this thread:
Best or better blogapi editor around.

Ecto (Mac)
http://infinite-sushi.com/software/ecto/
- did not end up trying this one out

Zoundry
http://www.zoundry.com/
Qumana
http://www.qumana.com/
- both of these seem to want to post some kind of spam ads with all your posts, this turned me off so I never tried them out. I suppose it's possible they have no-ad modes, but, not for me

Offline Blog ToolsDespite the old posts that will be showing up some mornings, I'm actually here, on the 12th floor of a vacation spot on the Island of Maui in the Hawaiian Islands, formerly the Sandwich Islands, and according to Wikipedia, "at about 1,860 miles from the nearest continent, the Hawaiian Island archipelago is the most isolated grouping of islands on Earth."

So this where I'll be for the week. The photo below is looking west southwest from our spot in Kahana on Maui. The island you see is Lanai.

In MauiOne of the "pre-planned" activities we've done was to take a boat out to Molokini and snorkel. Leah and I (and the various family we're with) enjoyed it very much. We went on Maui Classic Charters' Four Winds II. Lots of fish, clear water, nice swimming.

I've never been seasick that I can recall, and as far as I know I don't get seasick. I decided on the way out to try and experience seasickness, knowing that my Aunt Jacqui had brought seasickness medication that could ameliorate symptoms once I got it. I was, alas, not able to induce that feeling. I tried simply closing my eyes. I tried looking directly at the undulations of the boat in the water as we were moving, I tried to maximize the feeling of "falling" like on a rollercoaster as the boat was cruising. I think I may be immune from the illness, if indeed that's possible. The wikipedia page on seasickness implies that it's possible to be immune: "while others are relatively immune, or become immune through exposure." Though I'm not sure how I'd have become immune, not really having been on many boats. I wonder if it was my early exposure to swimming (I think I was four?) and how I took to swimming so well. I have no idea what the correlations are, but I suppose I'm glad I don't get seasick.

To Molokini; SeasicknessSo we return to "the mainland" or "The States" on Tuesday. We're running out of tropical paradise, but that is fine, this has been a lovely trip altogether. Enjoyable and family and chill. Next week will be a trip to Washington state with even more family and I hope just as much chill time, though after the requisite stressful travel time (driving, not flying though).

My phone is on the fritz, but only the display -- I seem to have lost all contrast, so everything is a semi-uniform white, extremely light gray (perhaps #dedede, to you HTML nerds), and an occasional black that's really a dark gray. So photos and twittering have been rebelling. It's as though my phone has taken a vacation as well. Though really it just drives me to check Leah's laptop slightly more often. Disconnect? No thanks. I like a trickle of news and updates from blogs and news and twitter.

I also did some deep-diving on my blog archives and found precisely when I was last in Hawaii -- that would be July 2002, see: Hawai'i and Memories and Greetings from Maui and A Picture of Me From Waikoloa.

These were posts made from internet cafes I think. And the photo was posted after the vacation itself. At that time I was an oddball, sniffing around for WiFi, trying to check my email--my typical situation then was running a unix shell, sshing, or (augh!) telnetting into my hosting machine and running pine. Nowadays several in our party regularly check their email, even while vacationing. And posting to a blog? What the heck is that? At the time I was still using blogger.com for my posting, posting via FTP.

I think this is quite a cultural change in only 6 years that I was so unusual before, and now I'm a commonplace. People are more connected. It's simply the way things are.

So today I think we're going to be going to a local waterfall, a little hike. Otherwise trying to enjoy a Sabbath, resting as much as we can stand.

Here are two photos from the other day, when my phone was working properly:



Running Out Of TropicalYesterday we started out hot on the west coast of the island, and ended up rainy on the northeastern (Hana Road) coast. It was actually quite a nice day. We went and hiked up to Twin Falls, one of many waterfalls and swimming holes on Maui. We swam for a bit, and I even ended up jumping off the waterfall into the water below. It was only a little unsafe, but I was not hurt. I was asking if it was clear below, but I did end up narrowly missing a person below. I was extremely apologetic to the guy, but he was fine. Quite an adventure. The water was about 16 feet deep at the point where I jumped, and the drop was 40 feet deep. I was wearing Teva-style sandals and did touch the bottom as I dropped, but not that hard. I'd like to work out the physics of various weights and how far a jump into water you can do, and how deep the water needs to be.

This jump is not something I can recommend for everyone. But if we went again, I would do it again. It was a blast, and very refreshing. My aunt was disappointed that no photos captured this event.

Lots to think about from that experience. It's rare I'm the most "daredevil" among a group of people. I don't think I quite know how to reign myself in when I'm in that position. I need to be aware of my influence in such situations, and moderate the advice I give, to, say, my younger cousins. I think, strangely, I was acting very much as my father would, and did, pushing at the limits of my own physical capabilities to do what, make a point? Make sure everyone has a good time? Push on people to take interesting risks about which stories can be told? I can't speak for my father, but I think at that leading edge of adrenaline, I make different decisions. In retrospect, I find it fascinating psychologically. One of the things I've gotten adept at in the past 4 years is "pop the hood" on my psyche and look in and see how I tick. It's rare that I can't immediately see where my motivations come from. Yesterday is a data point I'll be thinking about for a while.

Oh, and here are the three photos, taken in the space of about 20 minutes as we drove from Lahaina on the way to Twin Falls.





Three Photos from YesterdaySo we were in Hawaii last on Tuesday. Now it's Friday and we're in Washington state: Monroe. Here are some photos from the trip. When I say "some" I mean "three" and they may or not be representative.

Also, my phone is still broken (screen whited out) so twittering and flickring is down significantly. Sad about that a bit.





Three from the drive to Washington StateAfter two weeks of traveling, I'm ready to be somewhere, and the somewhere I am is home. It's been a wonderful two weeks of vacation with family in Hawaii and Washington and parts in-between.

Where are you?

Lots to catch up on. I'll start tomorrow. Well, maybe a little bit tonight.

My goal Thursday is to do NOTHING. I'm not sure it's possible, but it's the goal I've been saying out loud.

Is doing nothing possible? Is it possible for me? Possibly Office Space-style is what I was thinking, but I only thought of that when I typed out "doing nothing."

I hope you're all having a great day.Home, Finally.Fellow Californians, I believe this to be a sensible vote -- please vote NO on Proposition 8. Thanks! And yes, as a matter of fact, I do have friends whose marriages would be affected by this. You can read more of the history in the wikipedia article same-sex marriage in California.

No On Proposition 8Always enjoyable, and wonderful to see and hear how the brief has evolved.



via his excellent blog, and the post The Latest and Greatest BriefLatest Thomas Barnett LectureThe first:

Joe's Garage, Based on Zappa Album, to Make World Premiere in September:

The Open Fist Theatre Company in California will present the world premiere of Joe's Garage, a new stage production based on the Frank Zappa album of the same name.

Directed by Pat Towne, the production will begin previews at the Open Fist Theatre Sept. 18 with an official opening Sept. 26. The limited engagement will run through Nov. 22.

Joe's Garage was adapted by Pat Towne and Michael Franco and features musical direction by Ross Wright and choreography by Jennifer Lettelleir. Producers are Michael Franco, Charlie Otte and Pat Towne with permission from the Zappa Family Trust.

More at www.openfist.org

The second:

The Amazing Mr. Bickford (I found this on the excellent blog Cartoon Brew)

Clay puppets, miniature sets, cutouts, replacement animation, aluminum foil, strato-cut slices, molten wax, and other techniques

The Silent Movie Theatre in Los Angeles is running two nights of rare goodies created by eccentric animator Bruce Bickford. First up, on August 24th, a rare showing (with permission from Gail Zappa) of The Amazing Mr. Bickford, which has never shown theatrically. Bickford will be in attendance for a Q&A after the 7:30pm screening.

See www.cinefamily.orgspecifically hereTwo Zappa-related Entertainments Coming to Los Angeles Advice: Bakshi On Surviving Tough Times

This makes me absolutely love Ralph Bakshi as a person. I've never been crazy about Bakshi's work, but I respect that he's done interesting work, made interesting failures -- Cool World and Lord of the Rings come to mind -- and managed to survive. The work of his that I've enjoyed the most was his Mighty Mouse in the 1980s. I've not seen his early 1970s work, the more adult work. Perhaps it's time to check them out.

This video is answering a question about surviving hard times, it was taken at Comic-Con this year. This kind of interview is exactly what I enjoy most about Comic-Con -- creators speaking with candor and wit.

Artists, watch and be inspired. Yes, there's salty language in it, but it also contains the truth of 4 decades of survival in the creative arts.

Inspirational answer from Ralph Bakshi on surviving in the artsLots of news about this jerk Jerome Corsi's book these days. The rebuttal makes it clear that the book is idiotic. Excellent transparency, and fast response from the Obama campaign.



Get the PDF of Unfit for Publication via this page on Time Magazine's site.Unfit for PublicationMack Reed penned The Fastest Spider in Los Angeles, which charmed me and made me laugh.

PCL Linkdump posted a link to a Simplicity Hammer Pants. Giggled at that one.

File under "funny 'cause it's true" -- Sassy's Tips for New Dads.

Also: Matthew Baldwin's Thought Crimes  and Re: Cephalopod are both hilarious.

Neil Kramer really got me with his post  The Orthodox Jewish Guy Outside the Supermarket.

Mrs. Heather Armstrong got me cracking up with a simple little post called Short Stack.

This mashup of Terminator 2, Christ, and Death from August 10th made me laugh out loud and grin at its execution and charm. It's a comic. Sinfest.

This episode of Skadi made me laugh, but I think the thing that keeps me reading is the loose and particular style. Also a comic, this one from Dumm Comics.
Latest Items That Made Me LaughI've been doing some cultural re-evaluations here in the past few days. Among them is Roxy Music, a set of 1970s records I acquired includes their first, Roxy Music, from 1972. The first track, Re-Make/Re-Model absolutely blew me away with its audacity, and I actually felt some shame over having been a Roxy fan for 24 years and never having heard this song. Enjoy this video version of the track. The quality is middling, but seeing Mr. Brian Eno in glam make-up and a leopard print blouse makes up for it.



Lyrics, and yes, I believe that refrain is CPL593H. Too bad I was in the wrong country and only two years old, or I would have loved to have hung out with these guys.

I tried but I could not find a way
Looking back all I did was look away
Next time is the best time
We all know
But if there is no next time where to go?
She's the sweetest queen I've ever seen
(C P L 5 9 3 H !)
See here she comes, see what I mean?
(C P L 5 9 3 H !)
I could talk talk talk, talk myself to death
But I believe I would only waste my breath
Ooh--Show me!

(C P L 5 9 3 H !)

(C P L 5 9 3 H !)
I tried but I could not find a way
Looking back all I did was look away
Next time is the best time
We all know
But if there is no next time where to go?
She's the sweetest queen I've ever seen
(C P L 5 9 3 H !)
See here she comes, see what I mean?
(C P L 5 9 3 H !)
I could talk talk talk, talk myself to death
But I believe I would only waste my breath



Re-Make/Re-ModelAnd engages in wacky shenanigans, no doubt:



via Cover Browser's Daily Cover Feed.Donald has a BrewskiGranted, I only played a few times. But still, I hung out with the D&D-ers in 7th and 8th grades.



via vintage adsI don't remember D&D being so seductive

When I was in San Francisco I picked up the first two of the Scott Pilgrim comics while at Isotope Comics (whose very cool owner James Sime has a twitter stream). I enjoyed them immensely on the trip back home and have subsequently picked up numbers 3 and 4 as well. In addition I picked up his comic Lost at Sea. I look forward to number 5 in February 2009. I had heard of Scott Pilgrim at the periphery of my pop-culture awareness, but thought he must be a comic creator. When I saw them on the shelf at Isotope I saw different, picked a random page, was entertained and liked the drawing style, and leapt.

I now follow the creator's livejournal: Bryan Lee O'Malley. The other day he announced a new comic co-created by someone called Hope Larson -- here it is: Bear Creek Apartments. It is short, but rather enjoyable.Bear Creek Apartments; Bryan Lee O'Malley

Brilliantly explicated by a Librarian in response to community objections to a book called Uncle Bobby's Wedding.


That eloquent defense of this books and free thought is America to me. It makes me proud to have worked in a library when I was in my teens.What is the proper function of libraries? Uncle Bobby's WeddingAnthropologist Dr. Michael Wesch talks about Digital Ethnography. He puts YouTube in perspective and reminds me I love it despite the fact that one needs a tool like Comment Snob sometimes to appreciate it.

Web Anthropology, particularly YouTubeAnother piece of culture I'd never seen, via PCL Linkdump. I had heard of the band Penetrators but I'd never heard anything by them that I was aware of. The video is nearly perfect in its chaotic silliness. The song has a perfect hook too.

Penetrators: Shopping BagI worked with Ron Prosser, CEO of The Prosser Group to get this site built this week. It's a relatively straightforward site. It's a rare occasion that I do design these days, but this was a fun one to build, and a nice piece of freelance work. Nice when a site can come together quickly.



Image hosted on FlickrSite Launch: The Prosser GroupAbigail, who runs a pretty great blog, is trying to blog for Southwest Airlines. She'd be great at this:

Here's what she just posted:

I have submitted a video application for the Southwest Airlines Blog-o-spondant. It's a really cool blogging gig and I really, really want it. I kind of think it's perfect for me, too.




But head on over HERE!
to vote!

So get over there and vote!Vote for Abigail for Southwest Blog-o-spondantThis is a problem in all the arts, I think. The energy of a a musician's demo is higher than the final recorded song. A sketch is more fun than a final drawing. It's acute here in the storyboard and the final rendering from the new film Bolt: Funny commentary from Cartoon Brew:

Animation: Initial energy lost in final productHuh. Okay. You can see what my Mash profile looks like today only at http://mash.yahoo.com/websandiego. I wonder what Yahoo! will do in terms of social networks now? I think they're focussed on OpenSocial, whose aim is to federate social software. I guess if you can't build something standalone, build tools to embrace and extend other social network applications.

Here's the text of the email:

Dear Yahoo! Mash member,

Thank you for trying out our Mash Beta service. We hope you had fun with it.

Please note that we will shut down Mash on September 29, 2008. As a result, your current profile on Mash will no longer be available. We strongly recommend that you return to http://mash.yahoo.com and copy the content that you wish to save onto a separate document.

For a list of FAQs, please refer to the Mash Help Page.

Thanks for trying out Mash!

Matt Warburton

Yahoo! Community ManagerYahoo! Mash Shuts Downjwz has all the details on the breast reduction that took place in the re-release of Knick Knack. I remember seeing Knick-Knack at a computer animation festival and at other animation tournees in San Diego and I do remember the original version. In fact, I think I have a VHS tape with the original versions from a Pixar short release.

How much of a breast reduction did the toys get? The screen captures tell the story best:

Before:





After:





Again, the full details are available via jwz.Digital Breast Reduction in Pixar's Knick Knack(I explain the title of this entry at the end of the post--in case you were wondering)

Yesterday I drove to Union Station to see my friend Chris Greazel. Chris I've known for over 20 years, ever since he was the artist and I was sort of the cartoonist at my high school. He's still quite talented, see Greazel.com.

Anyway, I had a great time. Here are some random photos from short trip to Orange County:

Here's me entering at the transit center end of Union Station in downtown. I took Metrolink to Irvine to see him. One of my favorite places in the world is Union Station downtown. Also, I love trains. Also, it was nice to avoid traffic altogether for my trip to see Chris. Usually we meet somewhere in the middle -- but time constraints for Chris have been more significant lately, so I made the trek south.





He picked me up and we headed to have some dinner. We had wonderful bento-style box dinner. I had some particularly good teriyaki beef. I don't have photos of that, sorry. We talked about all the things we usually talk about -- everything from life, kids, money, health, everything. The completeness of our communication is something I cherish. We are good counsel and ears for each other. Again, no photos of that. After the meal, we hit a Jo-Ann Fabrics store I saw on the way to the restaurant. I was itching to buy some ink, but they did not have the ink I wanted. They did, however, have these Obama and McCain masks (not pictured: H. Clinton and Bush masks):



I also nabbed a photo of Chris in front of the pens. The lighting is harsh and fluorescent, but as he said "that is how I look." I owe him a better photo than that. Maybe next time.



After that, he showed me where he works, they have lasers there! It must be the future:



The company he works for does excellent work in laser-etching products, and he's their chief designer. It's impressive stuff.

After that, he dropped me at the Fullerton train station on the way home. I nabbed this spooky self-shot of me as the train north was arriving. I kind of like it.



The train home was uneventful but comfortable. Before I knew it I was back at Union Station, and getting my car:



I paid my $6 parking fee, and headed home, though I did first stop at World Book &amp; News in Hollywood to look at magazines. I am so unimpressed with how parking on Cahuenga at Hollywood Blvd has gotten harder over the years. There are many clubs and bars down there now, and you can scarcely park. That was frustrating, but the newsstand had some interesting items. After that, I headed home. All-in-all, an excellent capper on a month of vacationing.

...

Postscript: Also, Chris and Pensacola should have been "Chris and Pens" -- but my terrible replacement phone, a Razr, did predictive insertion and decided I must want "Chris and pens" to be "Chris and Pensacola."Chris and PensacolaPerfect.



via Japan Probe.Rollerskating NinjasWorth a read, via Paul Kedrosky: The Death of the Credit Card Economy:

This shock to the system may further damage the already-fragile psychology of the consumer. Writing a check or deducting the price of a pair of shoes directly from your bank account packs a much more potent emotional punch than charging the pair of Allen Edmonds loafers on your American Express platinum card. Chalk it up to a concept called "the pain of paying," said Dan Ariely, the author of Predictably Irrational. (It's a concept the parents of his students at Duke University feel every semester.) Imagine that a restaurant, rather than charging $30 per meal, charged 50 cents per bite, with a waiter standing tableside collecting after each chomp. That would be an extremely unpleasant meal. But credit puts a safe distance between the ecstasy of consumption and the agony of payment, and thus makes us feel better. Said Ariely: "If it's more difficult to get credit, it might make people feel more pain of paying and therefore spend less."

Nice to see this talked about. The concept that paying cash hurts more should be familiar to Dave Ramsey fans.

The Pain of Paying; Decline of CreditGolly I've been quiet. Got way behind on a bunch of stuff. Got to catch up.

Drupal Camp LA 20088am Mass at the Cathedral, then here at DrupalCamp this morning. Spirituality + education. Not many better ways to spend a day. Tonight family dinner with the whole crew. Feeling thankful.

Here's the entrance to the church after Mass today.

Our Lady of the Angels & DrupalCampLA
&nbsp;Image via boogah. That's My GuyI was thinking of these lyrics the other day and wanted to find our more about them, they're based on this passage from the New Testament's Matthew 25:31-46. I have to say this is a pretty clear call to do good works on this planet. It's a favorite song growing up Catholic.

Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers;
That you do unto me.

When I was hungry, you gave me to eat;
When I was thirsty, you gave me to drink.
Now enter into the home of My Father.

Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers;
That you do unto me.

When I was homeless, you opened your door;
When I was naked, you gave me your coat.
Now enter into the home of My Father.

Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers;
That you do unto me.

When I was weary, you helped me find rest.
When I was anxious, you calmed all my fears.
Now enter into the home of My Father.

Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers
That you do unto me.

Whatsoever You DoHere's how San Diego Blog looks today, not bad, and certainly better than it's looked in a while:



In November 2006 I sold San Diego Blog. I started it  in 2003, SanDiegoBlog.com, and had a good run I think. But by 2006, I had moved away from its namesake city and was dealing with other issues. I could no longer maintain the site and. I initially didn't want to sell. What I looked for was another person who would take the site on with a passion. But that's not how it works. People do labors of love because they're in love with them. You can't just give away a labor of love. Well, you can give away the final product of a labor of love, but people have non-paying obsessions of their own.

So I got an offer, and we negotiated, and I took it. And it was good thing, a blessing even. It was cash at the right time and helped a great deal.

The site had not made much money, basically it paid for its hosting. I could not pay writers, but I have generous friends who contributed sporadically.

One of those friends is JeSais. The other day she got sick of old posts of hers notifying her of new comments, often spam. She did some stuff about it. I was a bit saddened, because I still sort of believe urls should live forever. Something about posterity I think -- and also something I had read in 1998: Pages Must Live Forever.

But I understood JeSais' actions. I still get some of the same notifications about comments on old posts. They continue and gather comments, beacons stuck in high positions in search engines. They are there and gather communities around them, partly because at some point I had installed the WordPress plugin subscribe-to-comments.

The one with the most comments by far, 240, is "PSA Crash in 1978" was written in 2004. It's been gathering comments for four years, including some rather heartfelt remembrances, some from folks claiming to be witnesses and rescuers. I'm reminded of a passage in Philip Greenspun's book Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing, from 1999. The part where he talks about having gotten feedback on a photo of his remains moving to me. To read it scroll down to "What happens if you take all of these steps? Sometimes magic." in Chapter 1: Envisioning a Site That Won't Be Featured In suck.com.

Nine years later and the majority of comments on web pages stink. They're full of bile and anger and poor spelling. There's so much on some sites that we build tools so we can avoid them.

But not all sites are just crap. I get some rather nice comments on my own blog. Ironic, since for years, I did not want comments. I'm still ambivalent about the need of comments. But I know there can be great value in them. Look at Metafilter. They manage to have a strong community, and get some great comments. Perhaps part of the reason is that the gardeners of that site actively promote the best comments. And if you're a member, you get to flag a comment or mark it as a favorite:



Members are more involved with the site, they read the comments and give feedback about what they like, and with each of those flaggings or favoritings, something social is happening. Membership is reinforced, and even casual visitors benefit by seeing indicators good comments as they scroll. Some comments are even highlighted on the main page of MetaFilter.

Leah gets some good comments on her blog, though over on Real Mental there are even better comments, but then, comments are moderated over there because of the sensitivity of the topic. The community there understands, and it works well. It's a great blog I'm proud to have hosted on my servers. When I think web pages are dead I think about blogs like RealMental and all the corners of the web where people's conversations are social and kind and thoughtful and enrich the lives of the participants. This is where the spirit of those old pages has gone, I think. A smaller world, but so much richer.

I love Citizen of the Month, but he makes me cringe sometimes. Not when he writes about his foibles, that stuff is great. He can be ribald and hilarious and his voice is wonderful. No, the thing that makes me cringe is when he worries and wonders about how to increase traffic to his blog--how to get more comments. An amount of comments is a poor measure of value.

I was talking with Oh, The Joys at BlogHer. I had never met her, never read her biog, but we casually started talking and there was a "click" as she talked about commenting on blogs. She said something that hit me strongly, and I understood completely: "I don't comment on people's blogs anymore because my friends were worrying about whether I was commenting on their blogs or my other friends blogs and keeping score -- I don't need the drama so I just stopped. I still read them, but I don't comment anymore." I'm paraphrasing.

I don't have the same drama of commenting, but I get it. It's part of the mix of what can go wrong with blogging and commenting and the social structure of el blogosphero.

A few weeks ago Matt Haughey wrote a post called Becoming an old (blogging) man that I identified with strongly. I didn't comment. It's stuck with me though, this problem of comments. At DrupalCampLA this past weekend I saw a presentation by Steven Chan. I've spent a lot of time programming in the past few years, and not thinking very hard about community anymore.

I've got the bug again. It may pass. It probably will pass, but in the meantime I'm thinking about the web more seriously than I have in ages. And not just the web, all this mediated communication we have.

I see my kids more in text messages and MySpace and Facebook and twitter and email than I do in person. They're advancing in age rapidly, all 4 in High School or beyond. Devon has moved into a place with roommates, Alexandra will graduate from High School in the Spring. Tyler will be able to drive on his own in a few weeks. Tony just started High School.

Aside: I have mixed feelings proofreading that last paragraph. See that word, "kids." That word is funny. The full disclosure is that they're my stepkids. Also, they're scarcely kids anymore. They're teens. Young adults. Stepchildren? StepYoungAdults? StepTeenagers? Whatever they are, they're family and I love them and want the best for them.

But having limited time with them, and thus limited to mediated communication helps me appreciate "IN REAL LIFE" time. Not just with them, but with fellow nerds too. It's been great attending the cocktail parties part of BlogHer with Leah, DrupalCamp this past weekend, a local Linux user group a few weeks ago, and occasional Geek Dinners down in L.A. I get a lot out of the social part of these online communities. I'm not as aggressively social as I was in San Diego, but even low-key-social is great.

Some part of my recent community activity is affecting how I view the web and its comments. This post was formed out of these experiences. I frankly have no idea where my current thoughts are leading me, but I do feel led. There's something essential in the way I see the web that's changing. I hope for the better. I hope it will inform my work, professional and even my labors of love.

We'll see.

Onward.Web pages are dead. Long live web pages. (If they're made of people)Senator Brad EspositoDear AOL Journals user,

As we wrote in an e-mail on Sept. 30, AOL Journals will permanently shut down on Oct. 31. Its never an easy decision to shut down a feature, especially one like AOL Journals that some of our members have used for a long time. But with a decline in Journals usage, we have to look carefully at all of AOLs features to make sure were providing as much value to our members as possible.

Though we know this might be an inconvenience, the good news is that we've partnered with Blogger.com to provide a smooth transition for your journal. Blogger is a free service from Google that makes it easy to share your thoughts with friends and the world. Blogger supports most of the features you've come to expect from AOL Journals, and it's easy to get started. If you wish to transfer your journal to Blogger, they will move your posts, comments and photos to your new blog on their service. When you're ready, go to this link to get started.

Remember, it's very important to save your Journals content before Oct. 31. If you choose not to move to Blogger, you'll need to save your information manually (for example, by copying and pasting its contents into a word processor).

Again, we appreciate your patience and understanding as we make this transition, and we hope you enjoy using Blogger.com.

Sincerely,

The AOL Journals Team

They made it pretty easy for me to migrate to a blogspot address.

I started it way back in 2003, and that's where it ended too.



AOL Journals Closes, Encourages Migration to Blogger.comLike many people, I was perplexed Sarah Palin when John McCain chose her as his running mate. I am not impressed by her thoughts on policy issues. She can't cite a newspaper or a magazine she's ever read. She can't name a Supreme Court decision. And yet, she didn't do that bad in her debate versus Joe Biden. How can it be that a person unwilling or unable to hold a press conference can simultaneously be great on tv?

The answer came several weeks ago in the Doc Searls Weblog: "Talking to lenses"



Sarah Palin was a sportscaster and sports reporter in 1988. If you think of her, and her public appearances, interviews, speeches--in that context--her demeanor, her camera-skills, her affect, it all makes sense. The smarmy friendliness, the banter, the attractive appearance: these are all features that a sports reporter might (and often do) have.

I think she's perfectly acceptable on television, give her a TV show now!

But despite all her post-TV political accomplishments: City Council, Mayor, Governor of Alaska -- I don't think she's qualified to be Vice-President of the United States of America.

Reading a teleprompter, maybe even writing copy occasionally. Understanding Sarah Palin

Genius from The Weasel King. References They Live.YOU BETCHALove this episode of What's My Line:



Our houseguests and Leah and I went to Disneyland several weeks ago on the dime of one of Leah's blogger things, and I was impressed. I was not feeling that great, but I was stunned by how well the fun machine of Disney's making works.Walt Disney; What's My Linefrom Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy)

Burning Airlines Give You So Much More



When I got back home I found a message on the door
Sweet Regina's gone to China crosslegged on the floor
Of a burning jet that's smoothly flying:
Burning airlines give you so much more.

How does she intend to live when she's in far Cathay?
I somehow can't imagine her just planting rice all day.
Maybe she will do a bit of spying
With microcameras hidden in her hair.

I guess Regina's on the plane, a Newsweek on her knees
While miles below her the curlews call from strangely stunted trees.
The painted sage sits just as though he's flying;
Regina's jet disturbs his wispy beard.

When you reach Kyoto send a postcard if you can,
And please convey my fond regards to Chih-Hao's girl Yu-Lan.
I heard a rumour they were getting married
But someone left the papers in Japan.
Left them in Japan, left them in Japan...

I have felt a strong connection to the work of Brian Eno in the past week. I actually think I may have chosen the wrong hero in high school. I listened to Talking Heads and My Life in the Bush of Ghosts and extracted David Byrne as the more important partner. I think Brian Eno was the more important figure. His pop work, his aesthetic, his work with Roxy Music, his production of a panoply of bands: incredible body of work. Seriously, read the man's wikipedia page.

Or perhaps it takes 25 years of perspective to really hear Brian Eno.Lyrics of the Day (Yesterday): Burning Airlines Give You So Much More


via the inestimable tony pierceSenator Biden is now my Homeboy.Note:&nbsp;I wrote this in a text editor around October 2nd, nearly three weeks ago. I'm posting with only minor edits to what was in the text file.
My latest contract is going very well technically, I'm enjoying using SilverStripe as well as jQuery day in and day out. It's a pleasure to write OO PHP. And my JavaScript is so clean you can eat off it -- I love vetting it using jslint. Why SilverStripe? Because it's got a beautiful and easy to use backend, and the documentation is great at doc.silverstripe.com and api.silverstripe.com.
My latest contract is having the usual big corporation slowness with regards to paying, and as a result I'm owed 4 1/2 weeks worth of paychecks. But it's really coming Real Soon Now&trade;. Really. (Note: we've been paid now, and expect to be paid again real soon now).
Personally, I feel pretty good. The end of the summer has been a bummer, and I've not swum in a while, but I have been working extensively in the garage. Where we could not walk around inside the garage before, now we can. I've even cleared enough room so that the treadmill can be used, and set up a desk out there. I've got more to do, but it's very satisfying to take control over something that was so chaotic. I think it's been good exercise moving boxes, adjusting. The impetus for all this was that several weeks ago the Simi Valley Dump had a FREE DUMP DAY. I got rid of two mattresses and a box spring that we'd not used in 2 years and I was unable to give away on FreeCycle. I observed that I was far happier about the prospect of a free trip to the dump than seemed rational. Sure, it's a savings of $18.60 minimum, but still.
I suppose it's something to do with being approximately middle-aged plus or minus. I'm 38 years old -- multiply times to is 72 -- as I work on my health that seems not unreasonable given the good genes I have.
Back to FREE DUMP DAY though--I was talking about how excited I was for a free dump day for several weeks. Put it on my calendar, and got there 20 minutes before the listed opening time and I got right in--no line. I dumped the mattresses and box spring and was on my way. I was very pleased as, on my way out, there was a line of 20 vehicles waiting to get in. Double-win!
In High School some of my friends said I was &quot;like a middle-aged man&quot; -- I had a very serious manner, and took to wearing a khaki businessman's coat and carrying a black umbrella sometimes. To the &quot;Senior Sleep In&quot; thing I wore a thick red robe, further solidifying their impression that I was like some guy already in his thirties or forties. I suppose I was parentalized early, having to be the man of the house at times while my Dad was away at school, at work, or at sea.
Well, these days I am a patriarch, the head of a household that I am proud to care for and be concerned about. Granted, the kids are not with us most of the time, but I feel a need to be parental and fatherly toward them that's strong. We're not financially able to do much, but money is not everything.
Spiritually I've been reinvigorated to be going to Mass a bit more regularly. I went to the San Buenaventura Mission for Mass last weekend. It's got a rather rich history--founded in 1792 by Father Junipero Serra himself . It's an honor to worship in an edifice that is over 200 years old, an age rare for a site in the Western United States. Of course California was Spanish when it was founded, part of the Virreinato de Nueva Espa&ntilde;a, the Spanish Viceroyalty of New Spain. Usually I go down to the Cathedral, which I really like. It's usually minimal traffic, and free parking, and any chance to hit Los Angeles is a good excuse.
In other news, I have a pile of new and rediscovered books to read I've largely neglected, owing to other priorities, but I look forward to curling up with some of them.
The financial crises the nation is going through remind me of James Howard Kunstler's predictions about The Long Emergency, but I'm not sure that's where we're headed. In fact, I have doubts that the trouble in the financial markets will affect me at all. Leah and I bank with WaMu, which was bought recently by Chase, but there's been no interruption of service.
I do think the country is in for more hard stuff before there's easy stuff. I sure don't want President Barack Obama's future job. Looks like it's going to be a tough one. In the short term, things look bleak for the home team, but for me personally I just need to do precisely what I'm doing, generating the income I need to, paying down my debts, and looking forward to being debt-free and prospering. In the meantime I have family, friends, and things like DrupalCamp, BarCamp, excellent books, great movies like Michael Clayton, and yes, those books I have been neglecting.
It's all good.
So, that was what I had to say a month ago. So what now?
Contract still going well, it will persist through the end of November then I'll be on the market again after Thanksgiving.
We have to move, which stinks, but our landlord will pay us a premium for us to break the lease, so we're going to do it.
My Grandfather's 90th Brithday was this year--we're having a celebration in Las Vegas, probably his favorite destination, and I'm helping with some of the behind the scenes on that.
Leah is doing well and her work on projects is stunning, hat, jewelry, and otherwise. Expect news on her blog in the next few weeks.
The election is a big one. I have seen several emails from family smearing Obama, and I'm not impressed. Fight The Smears!
I went to BarCamp Los Angeles this weekend and had a great time. Learned a panoply of stuff and if I can swing it, will write a separate post about it. I participated in a WordPress Birds of the Feather the first day, and I gave an interactive jQuery Basics seminar today. I created a sample HTML page and other files, had the audience download a zip file of the, then we changed a javascript file to do some basic effects. I hope it was effective, there were maybe a dozen people in the audience. I was real nervous, but I told them that up front, and having said it out loud it dissipated. The projector did fail about 3 minutes in, so that was exciting to &quot;speak&quot;&nbsp;the code out loud till that came back up. But I hope I demystified jQuery. If you attended, or have been to BarCamp, I'd be interested to hear what kind of things people would want to do in an interactive session with JavaScript.
Another thing about BarCamp was meeting some folks I only knew through Twitter:&nbsp;kamylynn, DocHobbes, and mskendo101 -- they're actually local to me in Simi Valley. Mark Gibbs was collecting email addresses of VenCo geeks, but I think it's time to do more there. And there's Markus in Ojai -- surely more stuff can be done, eh? Shoot me an email or leave a comment if you have ideas for Ventura County Web and Tech Meetup type stuff.
Okay, I'm beat. Enough for now.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;Stating Where It's At

This is where I am. See http://twitter.com/artlung and http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/tags/barcampla6 for current photos.

BarCampLA6 is where I'm at.
Awesome but awkward.
viaThis is sometimes how I feel1880: Miscegenation [Statute]Made it illegal for white persons to marry a &quot;Negro, mulatto, or Mongolian.&quot;1901: Miscegenation [Statute]The 1850 law prohibiting marriage between white persons and Negroes or mulattoes was amended, adding &quot;Mongolian.&quot;1909: Miscegenation [Statute]Persons of Japanese descent were added to the list of undesirable marriage partners of white Californians as noted in the earlier 1880 statute.1931: Miscegenation [State Code]Prohibited marriages between persons of the Caucasian and Asian races.1933: Miscegenation [Statute]Broadened earlier miscegenation statute to also prohibit marriages between whites and Malays.1945: Miscegenation [Statute]Prohibited marriage between whites and &quot;Negroes, mulattos, Mongolians and Malays.&quot;1947: Miscegenation [Statute]Subjected U.S. servicemen and Japanese women who wanted to marry to rigorous background checks. Barred the marriage of Japanese women to white servicemen if they were employed in undesirable occupations.1948: Barred miscegenation segregation [Statute]Repealed miscegenation laws. Prior to repeal interracial marriages were prohibited, but no penalties were attached to such marriages, or to interracial co-habitation, or to migration into California by interracial couples legally wed out of state.

Source: Jim Crow Laws: California
Marriage is a partnership of love and commitment. Yes, some people are attracted to people you might not be attracted to. This does not lessen their love or their commitment. Is marriage perfect? No, divorce is rampant, and marriage is on the decline. I say this from the perch of my second, happy marriage. The weakness of marriage does not mean that taking away the newly minted right of marriage from gay people is going to &quot;restore marriage&quot; or &quot;strengthen families&quot;--those are lies, and you know it. The thing that strengthens families is love and respect, and being strong in the commitment to YOUR OWN marriage.
Fellow Californians, please vote No on Prop 8. If you know a Californian, please encourage them to vote No on Proposition 8.

I got a question from a researcher in Germany about the history of these anti-miscegenation laws. Here is how Chuck Hartley responded:

I've never seen a single, unified work that discusses the history of marriage in California in a comprehensive manner.  The story of same sex marriage and Prop 8 certainly remains to be written, particularly from my perspective.

When the Supreme Court issued their opinion last May they literally write the book on marriage.  The combined opinions ran 172 pages.  I think most of Michael's historical questions are answered in III.A, pages 23-36 of the attached PDF.

That case refers to Perez, the 1948 case that legalized interracial marriage in California.  There's a good pre-Perez history in that case as well.  Start with the first full paragraph on page 6 of the Perez PDF.

Note there's really not much before the anti-miscegenation laws, which were passed in the early days of the state (1849 or 50).  Before that the Bear Flag Republic lasted less than a year (1846), and before that status was as a Mexican and Spanish colony.  I have no good sources for their legal systems in place under any of those regimes, though I'll note that community property is a holdover from Spanish law, not an American or English originated system.

Also, a grammatical point for our German friend.  Miscegenation is racial mixing.  The laws were technically anti-miscegenation.  Hyphen or not per your own conscience.
California's History of Miscegenation LawsTerrific Vampirella drawing by Cliff Chiang, who has a fun blog. It's an homage to Rio, of course -- by Patrick Nagel. Nagel was among my inspirations when I was a teenager. The technical craftsmanship, the acute graphic design sense inspired me.
Vampirella like Rio by NagelAnother great post from Thomas Barnett:

Ha! There's always a media bias when you lose, and when you court the anti-intellectual, as the GOP is wont to do, then you're mad as hell!But guess what? Winners always charm the media to a certain extent--even Nixon in '72.So this is a bunch of whiney, smoke-blowing cry-baby-ism.What is very clear in today's world is that both the Right and Left have their dedicated media, so it's false to claim a systemic bias. Only the unaware buy that BS.If anything, people's ability nowadays to live in the media bubble of their choosing make them far too irrational and Manichean in their world views--as in, "If my side doesn't win this election, it's the end of America as we know it!"Yes, yes, the media's pro-Democrat bias certainly must explain the GOP winning 7 out of the last ten White House elections. No, no, wait a minute! That was "good Americans" overcoming "evil" ones!Or maybe Americans just vote for who they want, when they want them, and the media's not nearly as all-powerful as it's made out to be. Maybe Americans aren't as stupid as many experts would believe.End of America? Yet somehow we survive political shift after political shift, this being the sixth in my life. How does the all-powerful liberal media allow this?But yes, go on and believe in your media conspiracy if you want.Just go on to another blog where your whining will be tolerated, perhaps even celebrated, for this is the wrong bubble.(Thanks: Rob Johnson)Media Bias? Waa!
seriously wonderful, handcrafted jewelry and hats. my wife has serious skills.Leahpeah Stuff: leahpeah.etsy.comJust got this email:

After careful consideration, we have decided to shutdown the BlogRush service.  If you have the widget code on your blog you will need to remove it.

When BlogRush launched in late-2007 it spread like wildfire all over the Web.  Thousands of bloggers were talking about it and the service exploded to become one of the fastest growing free services in the history of the Web.  During the first year of the service it successfully served 3.4 Billion blog post headlines and the BlogRush widget could be found on blogs all over the world; even up until the moment we closed down the service.

BlogRush didn't grow without its fair share of problems -- from security issues to abusive users trying to 'game' the system to much lower click-rates than expected.  We also had some problems with trying to fairly control the quality of the network, and in the process made many mistakes in deciding what blogs should stay or go.  All of these issues, ultimately, limited the service's full potential.

Our team worked very hard to try and build a service that would truly help bloggers of all sizes get free traffic to their blogs.  This was our primary focus.  Not once did we ever try to monetize the service with ads or anything else.  BlogRush never made a single penny in revenue.  We wanted to be able to help our users FIRST and then worry about monetizing the service later.  Unfortunately, the service didn't work out like we had hoped.  (It happens.)

I want to say "Thank You" to all of the great bloggers that at least gave BlogRush a test to see if it would work for them.  We sincerely appreciate you giving the service a try.

We have received several offers & inquiries about acquiring BlogRush, but we are choosing not to go that route.  While many might think this is crazy, we truly feel it's the 'right' thing to do for our users.  Believe it or not, it's not always about the money.  In fact, BlogRush will have lost a small fortune when it's all said and done, and it was by choice.  There were many things we could have done to monetize the service but we wanted to make sure it was going to benefit our users first.

Last but not least I want to say that I hope the failure of this service doesn't in any way discourage other entrepreneurs from coming up with crazy ideas at 4AM (like I did with this one) and from "going for it" to just try and see if something will work.  Without trying there can be no success.  And as we all know, ideas are worthless without action.  The Web wouldn't be what it is today without entrepreneurs trying all sorts of crazy ideas.

On behalf of the entire BlogRush team, we wish the best of luck to everyone with their own blogs, ideas, and crazy ventures.

Sincerely,

John Reese
http://twitter.com/johnreese

Nice idea they had, and I used it on rhonchi, though I'm not sure how much traffic it provided to me, or how much value to my readers. BlogRush Shuts DownNegative Attack Ads Show You Have No Vision

via UBMFeeling like you can take it easy?Star Trek Demonstration: 1968Previous All Hallow's Eve posts from me:

2007 and 2001

And here's an old poster I made.



View large

Happy Halloween!Happy Halloween 2008!But I can remind you to vote if you haven't. I'll be voting in the morning. Looking forward to it.

Vote. Every vote counts, or at least it should, and it probably will.

Update: I voted this morning. Got there 10 minutes early and there was already a line about 60 people long. Once the polls opened at 7:00am I got in and voted and was out by 7:20am.

I'm Tired of PoliticsThe past, we have written down and we can reference it:

Barack Obama. I like him. He seems to be a straight shooter with upper management written all over him. I like that I my spidey sense doesnt tingle with Plastic Robot! when I watch him speak. I would like him to be President.

About McCain's Concession Speech:
He's at odds with the Republican Party's habits. He's not hateful, and he's rather moderate. The speech made me cry--and reignited my admiration of the man. It was gracious. His presidential aspirations are tragic and Faustian. He gave up his moderation to campaign in an aggressive, accusatory style. That suit didn't fit, and he lost. Then again, with the country in as much turmoil as it is, hard to see what he could do to get traction.

About Obama's speech:
He looked forward to the 22nd Century. How many times do leaders look forward 20 years, let alone 92 years? I think we have a President who will be mindful of the future. This is a change. Countries are not companies, they cannot be led quarter to quarter -- and come to think of it, companies may not be so well off given their focus on quarter-to-quarter profits. What succeeds in the long-term are goals in the long-term. But he emphasized the difficulty that faces this country, and the hard work it will take us to get to that future. Platitudes and speeches do not get us the world we want, toil, difficulty, and hard work get us there.

Two Data Points:
In 1988 I voted for Jesse Jackson in the California Primary. His campaign made a go of it.

In 2000 I voted for John McCain in the California Primary. I was tilting libertarian at the time and McCain seemed like a good option. I still like the man, and his speech last night reminded me why.

The 18-year old kid who voted for Jesse Jackson would be shocked by two things in this future:

1. The President-Elect is a man categorized by race as a "black man"
2. No nuclear bombs have been detonated in anger

The future is unwritten. Let's write some future.The future is unwrittenThere's something archetypal about this image I really like.


It may be that it triggers me to think of the term "flimsy skirt" -- which makes me think of this post: Shoe PhotoShop -- which used to get a fair number of referrers for that phrase. Of course, that was six years ago.

I might need some sort of ranking and sorting system for my blog posts. Perhaps by included images, videos, lyrics, length, time of day, etc. I have a huge corpus of posts. Something to think about.Untitled, ReallyI hate it when people just post videos. I never have time to watch them all, since I'm looking at my own videos that compel me. So here are the videos that have compelled me lately. Just one on the main page, more after the jump.

Ben Folds - Kate in Nashville (and more from this user)





Ben Folds - Army:



Spider-Men in Jamba Juice, from David Letterman, via Oliver Willis:



And Little Big Planet looks amazing -- here the game recreates Tetris -- it's almost enough to get me to want a PlayStation 3:



Donovan - Atlantis - I think Donovan is incredibly pretentious, but I offer this as a setup to the one after this one:



Hail Atlanta - from Futurama:



Batman vs. Penguin: The Debate (I so enjoyed the 1960s tv show when I was a kid):



Watchmen Featurette: Girls Kick Ass, via Slashfilm:

Watchmen Exclusive: Girls Kick Ass

And lastly is not a video, but the "lost ending" to the film Little Shop of Horrors - read about it and view it at 10 Zen Monkeys: Lost "Horrors" Ending Found on YouTube.

Don't you hate it when people just post videos? I know I do. Some of them are cool though.Lots of VideosLast night I saw this tweet:

suebob: @QueenofSpain Is it "Here, here" or "Hear hear"? I really don't know and have always wondered.

I knew right off. One of my favorite things about having visited the Supreme Court was hearing that every session of the Court starts with this preamble:

Oyez, Oyez, Oyez! All persons having business before the Honorable, the Supreme Court of the United States, are admonished to draw near and give their attention, for the Court is now sitting. God save the United States and this Honorable Court!

I'm not sure how I make the link between oyez and hear -- but I do. As to the language above, I really love it. I have a love of archaic language and formal presentation. I'm famous to Leah and my stepkids for having announced to Leah that I wanted to date her by saying "I find you charming and would like to see you socially." To the question of "who talks like this? The answer is me.

Hear hear! is like "oyez oyez" -- and I love the word oyez:

WORD HISTORY: The courtroom cry "Oyez, oyez, oyez," has probably puzzled more than one auditor, especially if pronounced "O yes." (Many people have thought that the words were in fact O yes.) This cry serves to remind us that up until the 18th century, speaking English in a British court of law was not required and one could instead use Law French, a form of French that evolved after the Norman Conquest, when Anglo-Norman became the language of the official class in England. Oyez descends from the Anglo-Norman oyez, the plural imperative form of oyer, "to hear"; thus oyez means "hear ye" and was used as a call for silence and attention. Although it would have been much heard in Medieval England, it is first recorded as an English word fairly late in the Middle English period, in a work composed around 1425.

Oyez, Oyez, Oyez!The other day I was listening to the Stack Overflow Podcast, which features two interesting bloggers who I've read for some time: Joel Spolsky of JoelOnSoftware, and Jeff Atwood of Coding Horror. They tend to ramble a bit, and they're not as funny as they think they are, but I enjoy it. On Episode 28 they speculated as to how Google does its suggestions about typos. Their speculations were incorrect, because I remembered another piece of Audio I had listened to, Adam Bosworth speaking at the MySQL Developer's Conference in 2005. That whole speech is wonderful. It's got food for thought about developing at web-scale, it's funny, and entertaining. The money quote that addresses what Messrs Spolsky and Atwood were saying is this, which I lovingly transcribed for comment on their blog:

"How many people here have built a system that takes a billion requests a day? Well you could. And actually that's the point of this conversation--what I want to talk about. It's the same thing that's made Google possible I mean think about what Google does, we take hundreds of millions of fairly hard queries a day; the queries tend to say things like 'searching for camels in Tanzania' and we sort of shake our head and try and figure out what that means and we go over petabytes of content, not terabytes but petabytes of content. And we have a couple hundred milliseconds in which we're allowed to search the entire petabytes and return back to you what we found in rank order. So not only are we trying to search really, really large amounts of data we're trying to search it extraordinarily quickly and we're trying to do this hundreds of millions of times a day. And we do it. And we do it without a helluva lot of sweat. The way I think about Google is that's it's lots of PHDs driving tanks. It's all about brute force. Everyone's sort of General Patton--they don't drive around the wall they drive through the wall. It's really dumb techniques, used in large scale: I mean for example, the spellchecking. Every so often when you type a Google query and it will say 'did you mean,' and it's usually because you put in a typo. This is not because we have some incredible dictionary or some brilliant thesaurus that tells us what you meant. It's because we're tracking what people type _after_ they type the query that didn't return anything  and it turned out that that was a very efficient way to figure out what you probably meant to type, in fact it works much better than any spellchecker. But notice the stupidity of the approach: 'people who typed this usually wanted to do this'--works great."

Google: PHDs with TanksThe other day I noticed on The American Apparel Daily Update an image of mine! They had highlighted it because it came via a color search on Multicolr. I found it interesting that an image of mine should come up. It's from my old set of Amiga Images.

Here's a screenshot of the entry:



And here's the image that was found:



Multicolr is a pretty fun tool.Found via Multicolr via American Apparel

Latest mini-project of mine -- an effort to figure out what companies are out here in Ventura County. If you know of a tech/internet/etc company, or a user group, or anything else relevant, please do drop a line!Ventura County Tech.comLast night I attended a meetup about Drupal in Santa Barbara. I had wondered whether this was something that would be worthwhile to drive to, considering the distance. Turned out it was no further than a drive down to Los Angeles for a meeting, which I'm more than happy to do when something interests me. It was an hour and a half drive, and that includes time getting gas. I'm very appreciating to Markus Sandy's twitter stream, that's how I found out about it.

I learned a lot. I think I'm getting a much better high-level understanding of the strengths, weaknesses, and peculiarities of Drupal. It started some time back with some Drupal, and I'm thankful to my last job for getting me some more in-depth experience. I also learned a lot from DrupalCampLA.

Markus has already blogged about it!

Also, in terms of drupal, it's all about the modules. Some modules that I want to check on (or refresh my memory of) are: cck, project, project_issue, book, blogapi, jstools, notifications, ubercart, word2web. We also talked about some of the history between Drupal and Acquia and the relationship between them, which I found quite helpful. We also discussed the perennial issue: WYSIWYG edititors and their incredible promise but sad lack of performance: FCKEditor, TinyMCE, TinyTinyMCE, and YUI Rich Text Editor.

I'm happy to have met the folks last night, it was an interesting group with varied backgrounds. I got a lot out of it and will be looking more seriously at Drupal and other groups that meet in Santa Barbara. "Worth the trip" is how I look at it.

Update: Markus has compiled a short video of the eventSanta Barbara Drupal MeetOn Halloween I participated in a wonderful, strange experiment called War of the Worlds 2.0 on twitter. Here's the story of how it came to be, from Kris Kowal.

My entries can be found by doing a search on search.twitter.com: "wotw2 from:artlung". I've always been a fan of the idea of Orson Welles hacking the radio audience in 1939, and loved the tie-in between that story and Buckaroo Banzai.

Here's the wrap up: War of the Worlds 2.0 - The Post Mortem. Mack Reed also has a wonderful post that thinks deeply, if at a thousand miles an hour -- about what it means and what it's about. I think he's right on target. Read Kris' post too, and follow the links contained therein. Great stuff about a fun event.

That night we actually went to a football game Tyler played in, and Leah would ask me what was happening, and I'd say "we're trapped in a tripod net, slung below -- we're headed north but I suspect the tripod will return." It was an enjoyable consensual hallucination.War of the Worlds 2.0Some various responses to Proposition 8 of note. I'm sad at the rhetoric, I was sad about the proposition, and I feel The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints have done themselves a disservice in this matter.

Mormons Resigning Despite Strong Heritage, Citing 'Hatred' by LDS Church

Mormons Stole Our Rights

danah boyd has the most measured, unhappy, but constructive response I've seen: post-Prop 8: seek an education-based reversal, not a legal challengeLDS and Proposition 8

What a great find from the ASIFA Hollywood Animation Archive. In 16 pages, it communicates a lot; though, the section on "racial symbols" makes me uncomfortable.Handicraft Guide to Cartooning for Armed Forces PersonnelDrupal.org, Design Iterations, and Designing in the open is a remarkable post by Mark Boulton about the process of redesigning a website--in this case drupal.org--with radical transparency. This is incredible and groundbreaking work, applying the modes of open source to design. Surprising that it has not devolved into design-by-committee.
Redesigning Drupal.org in the open

Peter Schiff ends up prophetic, while everyone on the shows in this video treats him as a Cassandra.

via Open Culture and Paul Kedrosky.Predicting the meltdownMichael Lewis' story The End is an engaging, enraging read. It posits that the recent crash of Wall Street financial firms is the end of what he had seen working as a trader in the 1980s. He documented his experiences in the book Liar's Poker. This followup is a must-read.

Some excerpts:

Now, obviously, Meredith Whitney didnt sink Wall Street. She just expressed most clearly and loudly a view that was, in retrospect, far more seditious to the financial order than, say, Eliot Spitzers campaign against Wall Street corruption. If mere scandal could have destroyed the big Wall Street investment banks, theyd have vanished long ago. This woman wasnt saying that Wall Street bankers were corrupt. She was saying they were stupid. These people whose job it was to allocate capital apparently didnt even know how to manage their own.

Theres a long list of people who now say they saw it coming all along but a far shorter one of people who actually did. Of those, even fewer had the nerve to bet on their vision. Its not easy to stand apart from mass hysteriato believe that most of whats in the financial news is wrong or distorted, to believe that most important financial people are either lying or deludedwithout actually being insane.

"I didnt know that you werent supposed to put a sell rating on companies. I thought there were three boxesbuy, hold, selland you could pick the one you thought you should." He was pressured generally to be a bit more upbeat, but upbeat wasn't Steve Eisman's style. Upbeat and Eisman didn't occupy the same planet. A hedge fund manager who counts Eisman as a friend set out to explain him to me but quit a minute into it. After describing how Eisman exposed various important people as either liars or idiots, the hedge fund manager started to laugh. "Hes sort of a prick in a way, but hes smart and honest and fearless."

Harboring suspicions about peoples morals and telling investors that companies dont deserve their capital wasnt, in the 1990s or at any other time, the fast track to success on Wall Street.

As an investor, Eisman was allowed on the quarterly conference calls held by Moodys but not allowed to ask questions. The people at Moodys were polite about their brush-off, however. The C.E.O. even invited Eisman and his team to his office for a visit in June 2007. By then, Eisman was so certain that the world had been turned upside down that he just assumed this guy must know it too. But were sitting there, Daniel recalls, and he says to us, like he actually means it, I truly believe that our rating will prove accurate. And Steve shoots up in his chair and asks, What did you just say? as if the guy had just uttered the most preposterous statement in the history of finance. He repeated it. And Eisman just laughed at him.


With all due respect, sir, Daniel told the C.E.O. deferentially as they left the meeting, youre delusional. This wasnt Fitch or even S&P. This was Moodys, the aristocrats of the rating business, 20 percent owned by Warren Buffett. And the companys C.E.O. was being told he was either a fool or a crook by one Vincent Daniel, from Queens.


Read it.Looking at the financial mess as the end of the excesses of the 1980sActually, I like the way Leah hustles to find us a place to move to. Same difference.

We found a new place, slightly less money, again on this side of Moorpark, very much within target range of the kids, a very humane home. Leah found this one and did the legwork all by herself. I needed only to go over yesterday and sign a lease and take a look.

We did some looking together as well, and we did our thing where we drive around looking for rentals that have not made it to Craigslist, The Kitty Letter, and the Ventura County Star. Mostly we ended up with places in Simi Valley (further from the kids!) that we were not crazy about, or places in Moorpark that were too expensive or too small. Add to that, the places we sort of liked and applied for we were rejected for last week. I suspect that our spotty credit in a "questionable" economic climate has people very skittish. We've paid rent on-time and with a great track record for good communication with our landlords for 2 years, and my income track record for those two years has been great. And yet, skittish. Ah well, the worm turned starting this past weekend and we started getting offers of houses. And though it was difficult, we turned down two before we took this one. We also turned down one that ended up being very questionable--the owners were in danger of foreclosure and thus could only offer us month-to-month.

Why are we moving? The owners of our current place moved away for a job they were getting more money for. They were underwater in the house, and we took it on. We like the place. We like the Real Estate guy who showed it to us. We were enjoying the house, but then a month ago we got word the owners would like to return to the house, have us break the lease (for a premium), and we would need to move. We put it off for a while and that's where we are at two weeks ago. Since then it's been searching.

It feels good to have an answer to the question: "where are you living next?" I'm not sure how we could have handled this differently next time, maybe not agreed to move? Or maybe given ourselves more time for the finding, choosing and accepting a house? At any rate, I'm glad it's working out.

We're moving this week, and Leah is managing that process as well. Go Leah!I Like The Way You MoveMy friend Pinguino is going on a trip to Antarctica and is inviting cool folks to go with her, check it out!


Here's more info:

You could party in Vegas, Ibiza, Rio, Bangkok, Sydney, or even Marrakesh. But one continent remains overlooked when it comes to having a good time. Thats right, were talking about Antarctica. Could you imagine a better adventure? Twenty of your best friends sailing to the furthest destination in the world, partying the whole way. Being surrounded by tens of thousands of penguins, dancing on a glacier. An overnight camping trip or an ocean plunge, resulting in stories you could retell a thousand times. Were going, and we want you to come with us.

Through the next year, well be drawing 1,000 penguins on postcards. Each penguin will be photographed and posted online. Theyll be put up for adoption, and well bring them all to Antarctica and take pictures of them there. When we return to Tierra Del Fuego in South America, well mail the penguins to everyone that adopted them.

This is the Penguin Project. Well be updating this site regularly, so check back often!

If youre interested in coming along, please email penguinpalace@gmail.com

Penguin Project: Go on an adventure in Antarctica!This morning I had a compile that was hanging and/or calling itself. This made the server, and more importantly, the "yes people use it" webserver unresponsive. This was not fun.

Here are the tools I used to kill the processes:


ps -aux | grep -i make | awk '{print $2}'

ps -aux | grep -i make | awk '{print $2}' | xargs kill -9

ps -aux | grep -i make | awk '{print "kill -9 "$2}' |sh -x

killall make


The final 2 commands I think did the best job.

I seem to be learning more server administration. I still don't like it, but I can do more of it if I need to. Maybe installing Xubuntu on my machine at home really has been useful as I spend more time on the command line.The Reluctant SysadminIt's all about boxes. Moving today. Moving. Oi. I think we need it. To top it off, we're waiting on 5 weeks worth of checks. I hate that. Wish us luck.

Moving

The move was completed without too much fuss. Upcoming: Job interviews, more box extraction and home setup, Thanksgiving, seeing my folks, and a memorial for a dear friends wife.

The Universe may be speaking to us. I wish it spoke more clearly, but hey, it's the Universe. Size of the entire universe man, usually kind to smaller man.Moved, Worn Out, Ready For ActionFor the past year I've ramped up my own tech networking. Someone asked on the excellent and long-running Web405 list for places to network a la VIC (Venice Interactive Community) of the old days (late 1990s) and these were the answers:

BarCampLA: http://barcampla.org/Dealmaker LA: http://www.dealmakermedia.com/la.htmlDigital Family Reunion: http://www.digitalfamilyreunion.net/Dorkbot: http://dorkbot.org/dorkbotsocal/ExecTech: http://www.meetup.com/ExecTec/Geek Dinner: http://www.g33kd1nner.com/LA Flash Group: http://laflash.org/laflashLA Friday Coffee: http://www.lafridaycoffee.com/LA UX Meetup: http://ia.meetup.com/55/LA Web Application Developer Meetup: http://web.meetup.com/34/LINC: http://www.linc-networking.com/MindShare LA: http://mindshare.laMixergy: http://www.mixergy.com/MySQL Developer Meetup: http://www.meetup.com/The-Los-Angeles-MySQL-Meetup-Group/SIGGRAPH LA: http://la.siggraph.org/html/Twiistup: http://www.twiistup.com/Los Angeles Tech Networking

Simi Valley's Border 7 provided a wonderful reskin of venturacountytech.com. If you are in Ventura County and in web/tech/design/internet/mobile drop me a line -- I'd love to meet you!Ventura County Tech: Reskinned

via"Friend Requests"

If my memory is correct, I've spent Thanksgiving in California, Louisiana, Virginia, Utah, and the Philippines. Today I'll spend Thanksgiving in Nevada with a bunch of family who probably also have never spent Thanksgiving in Nevada. Hoping for the best.

The photo above is of my Grandfather and me and some dogs -- the Collie mix is Kimba, a dog I loved, and who was not quite as excited about me. I was the first grandkid on my Dad's side of the family, so he was not impressed.

My Grandpa turned 90 this year.. Thanksgiving in Nevada is his wish, and so here we go!

So much to be thankful for this year. Happy Thanksgiving! Happy ThanksgivingLeahpeah has been doing a great job putting up photos around the new place. Yesterday we found a pile of old photos, including this gem of my ex-cat:



More in the Ch&eacute; gallery.Ex-Cat Photos UnearthedI love this album cover, found via LP Cover Lover:



i wonder where that places Wernher von Braun or Goddard?Rocketry is the key to receiving The Holy Spirit?What A Bear Market Might Teach Us is well worth reading.

So I know what it means to scrimp and save, to do more with less, even to do without. The most important lesson that I learned, I believe, is that money is not wealth. Benjamin Graham once wrote that the secret to happiness is learning to live well within your means. Did he mean to "live well" within your means, or to live "well within" your means? I think he intentionally left the sentence ambiguous.

via kottkeQuote of the Day: Jason Zweig

As the first grandkid, Kimba was jealous of me. I appear pretty happy in that photo, despite the fact that Kimba might be barking. My Grandpa actually had a "mad dog act" he and Kimba would do. Basically my grandfather would get down on all fours and encourage Kimba to lean over the side of him. Then my grandpa would sort of scream as though he were being attacked, and Kimba would bark. It was meant to be funny and scary. And I think it worked pretty well that way. A bit like something out of a David Lynch movie.

I showed another photo featuring Kimba the other day.

Kimba was jealous of me for being about his size and taking attention away from him. We lived in Los Angeles at the time, and my grandparents in San Diego, so anytime we returned for family stuff, like Christmastime, there Kimba would be. I remember being afraid of him, but really liking him. I used to lay on him like a pillow. He was actually a very friendly dog, despite the fact that initially he'd always growl at me.

Anyway, it was fun to scan a pile of photos for my grandfather's birthday. I did a slideshow and it all turned out well. A nice family-fealty type-task.Kimba and Me

Yesterday was the first day at a new dayjob. It went great, about as great as one could have a right to expect--maybe better! I'm playing in HTML and JavaScript and jQuery and PhotoShop and PHP, and soon also Flash, XML, Apache--my usual stuff. It's highly enjoyable and right across the street from Amoeba Records. I dig it, and I'm glad I found it. The agreement we have is for an 8-week commitment. Not sure what happens after that. Whatever it is, it should be great. I love the group I'm working with -- great designers and Flash programmers and I hope there's a lot of mutual learning along with it.

I have some more serious topics to talk about, but I guess I'm saving them, or I'm not sure what to say, most notably about this scan. Blogging has been not too deep for the past 2 months. I hope to change that before the end of the year.New Dayjob in HollywoodYou probably can't actually tell, but the interface is pretty nice - -this is WordPress I'm talking about, the software that powers this blog. More detailsUpgraded to 2.7

One of the perks of the current dayjob is a lovely view facing north toward the Hollywood Sign. I dug my week there. Though I worked long hours, and worked pretty darn hard, I enjoyed myself and feel I contributed substantively. There were things that frustrated me, sure, but it was actually a fun deployment this week. But I like to work under fire.Dayjob View

Cold enough for me to have to defrost for five minutes before getting going this morning.

The average high and low for Moorpark are 41 and 69 degrees Fahrenheit, so freezing temperatures are unusual.Cold This Morning

So I bought a video encoder, pretty nice one, and this is my first capture. I need to tweak settings, and it would probably help if everything I wanted to capture was not 19 year old videotapes that have been stored in garages with poor climate control. Hah!

Enjoy."Them Bats is Smart, They Use Radar"Yesterday we hit the road to spend Christmas with Leah's folks. The drive yesterday was fine, save for some heavy wind as we left Ventura and Los Angeles Counties. The van was loaded for Christmas--excellent job loading the top by Tyler and Devon. Here's Tyler checking the load as we get some breakfast at 6:20am yesterday:



There was snow on the ground when we arrived yesterday afternoon, but beautiful clear skies and welcoming family.

This morning I snapped this picture of the kids having cocoa and (scandalous!) coffee on the back porch of Grandma and Grandpa's.



Overnight it snowed more, and it's snowed all day, well, except when it's been lightly hailing and raining. Looks like we're in for a white Christmas. Snowing Here in UT

They made this before they wrestled in the snow.Snowman by Ty and TonyWonderful footage, beautiful sound: 1973-06-26 Sydney Frank Zappa, Rehearsel (sic):

Zappa in Rehearsal, 1973We (Leah, the kids, and I) went to Utah for Christmas.

We were terrified to return because of 5 inches of snow on the ground.

We were happy that the roads were okay, and we didn't have to use the ill-fitting chains we borrowed from my father-in-law.

I shoveled snow once and enjoyed it. I was listening to Frank Zappa.

I also concur with Mr. Blurb O'Mat that the rational thing if one lives in snow is to purchase a snow-blower.

I received many very nice gifts this Christmas (new sweaters yay!).

The mysterious tingling in my hands and feet has not abated.

The kids rode ATVs in the snow and enjoyed it.

We did well by them presents-wise. I am looking forward to Wicked with Leah and (especially drama and musical-oriented) Alex at the Pantages next week.

My Mom is doing well cancer-wise, though she is back on an oral chemotherapy. Her spirits are high and it sounds like good things.

She and my father visited at Thanksgiving and that was pretty fun.

I saw Slumdog Millionaire and am so glad I did. So much of it brings to mind when I was a kid and lived in the Philippines. Poverty so crushing it's hard to understand, but nevertheless, it exists.

The house waxes and wanes in terms of how much of a shambles it is with still-unboxing and the holidays.

Next week Dev will turn 20 years old. My stepson is more

In 2009 I'll turn 39 years old.

I saw Zappa Plays Zappa at The Roxy and it was transcendent for me.

We bought new tires for both cars last month. Tires ain't cheap, but it's nice to have some peace of mind about our cars' feet.

I like my home office, I even put up my degrees and accomplishments, which I've not had up in a long time. Time for some new accomplishments to put on the wall.

I re-read Watchmen over the holiday and remain impressed by it. Hard to believe it's a 25 year old comic graphic novel.

I like Toblerone.

I have a lot of scanning to do from asking family to draw in my drawing notebook.

X is a good band that I think I both under- and overestimated.

Leah crafted up a storm and basically created most of our Christmas. Impressive work.

I like my in-laws and my stepkids. I lucked out.

Speaking of luck, Leah and I celebrated four years of marriage on December 21st. We have an excellent partnership, and I am thankful for what we were, what we are, and what we are continually becoming.

Merry Belated Christmas, I couldn't put it better than Douglas Crockford:

Christmas is the day when Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus, Jews, atheists, agnostics, pagans, heathens, and mystics can put aside their differences and join together in love and fellowship to celebrate the miraculous birth of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, the sweet fruit of the womb of the Blessed Virgin Mary and the only begotten son of the one true God.

I hadn't seen You Can't Take It With You, directed by Frank Capra. I liked it, and have been working on creating such a house as much as is practical and inasmuch as house bills can be paid.

I've trimmed down what I read in my RSS feedreader, which is great. I've also been dropping folks I follow on twitter. I've not quite given up on it a la MAS, but I understand quite well his point of view. If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.

It's so great to get paychecks on time.

That's all for today. I hope you're having a great holiday season, whatever your faith or lack thereof!A very few milestones here at the end of 2008.

I think if you had told me in 1991 that in 2008 I'd be working right next door to a major record (read: music and movies) store I'd have been delighted.

Heck, I'm delighted now. It's where I pulled off the major coup of getting Leah a copy of Savannah Smiles for our Anniversary last week. She was impressed.

Shh! don't tell.Amoeba in the Morning

One of the my habits, when I work in a place with a walkable, entertaining area around it, is to wander around at lunch. Sometimes such wanderings turn into blog posts.

This is another.

I have had the opportunity to wander about in Downtown San Diego (near the Gaslamp Quarter, and near Santa Fe Station), Downtown Los Angeles (near Central Library), Ojai (there's not much in Ojai so it's easy to walk that), and a little Mid-Wilshire in L.A. for a while. When I worked as a Respiratory Therapist taking a walk on a lunch break was really not feasible, since I was usually on a pager and needed to be available for emergencies.

I really appreciate the opportunity to take a walk. Now that I'm working in Hollywood, right on Sunset Blvd, I've had the opportunity today and yesterday to do a little wandering. I even got to visit my favorite newsstand for decades (yes, decades) World Book & News. I passed at least 3 dozen places that will sell you a lovely postcard of the Hollywood Sign or a portrait or Marilyn Monroe. I also passed a bunch tattoo parlors, wig shops, g-string vendors, and storefront electronics shops. I also passed an official Scientology place where I could have had a free (imagine!) personality test. I heard several different languages: Japanese, Spanish, Russian (pretty sure), English of course -- often these voices belonged to folks taking pictures of the Stars on the sidewalk. Jimi Hendrix was one I saw some tourists being photo'd with. It was a pleasant walk.

I was not asked for any dough from panhandlers, though I saw a few such unfortunates. Also unfortunate were some teen runaways, distingusihed by rather dirty clothes and a vacant or stoned look in their eyes. Sad, and a Hollywood tradition.

I wandered about, enjoying a Tiger's Milk lunch and a Mountain Dew, and made my way back eventually. It's a bit less tasty than the free lunch they provide at the dayjob, but it's probably net better for me to take a walk accompanied by some sugar and caffeine than free food+sitting. Maybe. In either case, walking around is fun.

Title of post from The Mikado, Act I, Part IIA Wand'ring Minstrel I

(Actually, it appears to be a hundred (give or take a few decades) year-old diving suit. Via rcs)Steampunk ExoskeletonHappy New Year from El Pueblo de Nuestra Seora la Reina de los ngeles de la Porcincula, Alta California, Los Estados Unidos, La Planeta Tierra!$year++I have this concept of a post where in an Andy Rooney-esqe manner I complain about things that get renamed. But really I'm not complaining so much as I think of things with their original name. Some examples of this are:

The Del Mar Fair has been renamed "The San Diego Fair" and calling it "San Diego" just sounds wrong given that it's held at the Del Mar Fairgrounds.

Another one is Qualcomm Stadium, which to me will always be Jack Murphy Stadium.

ArcLight Hollywood will always be just the Cinerama Dome to me.

Grauman's Chinese Theater was renamed Mann's Chinese Theater for a few years, but now it's been re-renamed (un-renamed?) to Grauman's Chinese Theater. I've no right to complain about that one.RenamingLeah's camera, a Canon 30D has been dead for two months, about which she's been very sad. The error was "Err99" - a mysterious error message others have had with other Canon cameras. She had looked at some forums and tried some things but had no luck fixing. We'd talked about having to take it to Samy's Camera in L.A. to get it looked at.

I've not given it much thought or used my troubleshooting skills on the thing, but last night, as part of a lovely 4-day holiday weekend, I applied myself to the problem.

It appears to be fixed now, as a result of upgrading to the 30d's firmware up to 1.0.6. The instructions on the Canon website were easy-to-follow and it seems to have worked.

For those of you disappointed by the lack of photos from leah, the good news is we may see pictures from her again soon.Leah's camera est non mortuusI want this kit!



source: b3ta board

What's a Penrose Triangle?Lego Penrose Triangle (via B3ta)I really liked this Sinfest comic, turning Buddha into the little drummer boy, drumming a Japanese style Taiko drum. I keep re-reading it and figured I should post a link:

Sinfest Comic from 28 Dec 2008
Seasonal Short from Trevor Van Meter on Vimeo.

https://vimeo.com/2547583

via Drawn!Belated Fun Holiday AnimationI remember taking the train, trolley, and buses in San Diego, and 10 years ago I used to take a bus from Cheviot Hills to downtown L.A., but for the past few years I've been doing a driving commute. I took Metrolink Ventura Line to work this morning. I got off at Union Station and transferred to the Metro Red Line subway. I was impressed by how well it all ran.

Here are a few photos from the trip that don't necessarily represent the trip very well:







Why did I take the train? Because I wanted to carpool home after Wicked tonight with Leah and Al. Coincidentally, the Hollywood & Vine Metro station exits directly across from the Pantages:

Trains, Wicked

And it turns out there's an instant of young Steve Martin in the film.

Also watch or download it at archive.org.

Found via the always wonderful waxy.orgCharming 1956 Disneyland Home Movie

via waxy.orgSuper Mario Bros. in Puppet on Japanese TVSo step back.





lyrics source: She watch Channel ZeroWe Got a Black Quarterback





4000 WordsIn 1986 and 1987 the comics series Watchmen came out. I was 16 years old at the time and the work was mindblowing. I had been looking forward to it since I had read it was coming in DC Spotlight #1, a freebie I'd acquired at Comic Con the year before. It looked like it would be incredible, and serious, and awesome. It absolutely delivered, and I was happy to buy each issue as they came out. I encourage you to read the series, and read about it, for example on Wikipedia. There has been talk of a movie for as long as the series has existed, with excitement about Terry Gilliam possibly directing at some point. And honestly, I always thought that the thing was unfilmable due to the density of events, dialogue, and texture in the story.

Well the film is set to come out in March, and I think they've got it right. They appear to have stuck to the alternate timeline, and the broad effects the character of Dr. Manhattan has had on world affairs. Witness this purported piece of footage from 1970:



The verisimilitude of that is compelling to me. The main narrative of Watchmen is set in 1985, where Richard Nixon remains President of the United States. This past footage is similar in feel to the background information each issue of the comic. Watchmen contains excerpts from memoirs, news reports, newspapers, political cartoons, political treatises. The comic contained a whole world to explore, in some sense very similar to our own 1980s world, but in many respects quite different too. At the time the threat of nuclear annihilation was very much on our minds. This difference from our own time is possibly the most profound change since I was a teen. It was just assumed that we'd all get killed in a nuclear war eventually, by accident or aggression. Fiction like War Games and Mad Max are predicated on such apocalyptic thoughts. Now the threat people fear most is terrorism, possibly nuclear, but then it seemed quite plausible that the US and USSR would eventually come to war. How the story will play to audiences who don't have the notion of government-sponsored armageddon in their minds I don't know, but I can't help but be moved by the work. Watchmen (the collected version) is the comic I've read and re-read most in the last 25 years. Perhaps the film will be one worth watching and re-watching over the next 25.Who Watches the Watchmen?I like these three shots of Moorpark, taken with my cellular telephone's camera.





Three From Moorpark

I'm sorry to report I forget where I found this last week. But I love this image of two of my favorite tricksters: What's a trickster? In mythology, and in the study of folklore and religion, a trickster is a god, goddess, spirit, man, woman, or anthropomorphic animal who plays tricks or otherwise disobeys normal rules and norms of behavior. (Other fave tricksters: Loki and Coyote).
Beetlejuice & The Joker

via the always excellent LP Cover LoverDoes this "Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble: Songs of Mary Poppins" record qualify as a mashup?

I think it's pretty awesome. The wave is big and terrifying, but the surfer's doing his best.

I wonder how it turned out. I wonder how it will turn out.Sometimes I Feel Like ThisFrom JapanProbe we have this wonderful find:



In the twilight months between living in the Philippines and moving to New Orleans, Channel 6 in San Diego showed Star Blazers. I found the notion of reviving a dead battleship for the purposes of traveling to space and defending Earth to be inspiring. I thought little that the ship was borne of Imperial Japan. Living in the Philippines fueled my admiration of all things Japanese. The (retrofit) Yamato is a ship I would draw often in class. It's a pity I don't have any of my drawings from that era. Too many moves, too few items kept.

As I think about the idea of recovering the dead Yamato to turn it into a space ship, I'm reminded that only a few years later I read another book about recovering a dead ship, I think it was called "The Ayes of Texas."

Hah! And in a moment later I have a link: The Ayes of Texas by Daniel da Cruz.



I love the big CCCP on the bow of the ship in opposition. It was published in 1982. I probably read it in that year. The Soviet Union was still very much alive, and still very scary, but we would take them down by upgrading our aging Battleships. This post by Claus Valca referencing the book outlines the plot nicely:

Somehow world events conspire Texas to declare her independence (again), fight the Russians who are invading the US and re-fit the hulk of our locally beloved USS Texas (BB-35) into a high-tech ass-kicking machine again. It's kinda dated now, but at the time it stirred this young Texan's heartstrings something special.


That's a great summary of the book. Thanks Claus!Lego Yamato; USS TexasSentence of the day, from Chris's Invincible Super-Blog: Romance Special:  The Time-Travel Heartbreak of Lois Lane.

Anyway, Lois makes the connection that a device designed to stop planets from exploding might be useful in keeping the planet Krypton from exploding, so she gets a copy of the plans and grabs a time machine, a process that takes exactly one panel because, you know, the Silver Age.

From the excellent Chris's Invincible Super-BlogBecause, you know, the Silver AgeWatchmen Advertisements, 1986Thirty-nine!Word of The DaySeen on my way to work today

On back of a horse carrier:

CAUTION SHOW HORSES

Why the need to say "show" about the horses. Am I less likely to be cautious for regular horses?

Messily spraypainted on a sign on an overpass:

Ron Paul - The Next Thomas Jefferson"

Listened to on my way to work today:

"Do Grand Wizards of the KKK get to cast racist spells?" - Rich Cerow, You Made Me Lose My Guy, Episode 14.

I've not posted here lately. But things are fine.

I'm refactoring everything and it's taking longer than I thought.Seen and listened toSource: Salon Interview: James Ellroy, 1996:

Well, I write in a cultural vacuum, so I don't understand what's out there in the culture too much.

You don't watch TV?

I watch boxing on TV and I listen to classical music. I talk with my wife a lot and exercise. Culture to me is just shit in the brain. I just hate it when I tour overseas and people want me to talk about Quentin Tarantino. I've offered a lot of flagrantly abusive opinions about modern popular culture, and I've put the skids to it. I just don't know what it is. I like to think. I like to lie in the dark and brood about things. I have a good idea where my own writing career is going. I have no idea where American culture is going. I really don't. I mean, I don't even know who the good guys are in the Serbo-Croatian war. I don't know who we're supporting.

I finished My Dark Places this weekend and a more harrowing, raw, and unflinchingly confessional piece of writing I can't think of. It's got me thinking. James EllroyI'm at BarCampThe Day I Met Ze FrankI like this guy.





My President speaks at Arizona State UniversityAt BarCampLA, Jim Bumgardner was inspirational for many things. One small thing was for pointing out these two films:

"Lapis," a short film by James Whitney:



"Catalog," a short film by John Whitney, 1961



Over on Coverpop, Bumgardner shows off work inspired by John Whitney: Whitney Music Box which is beautiful and hypnotic and surprisingly musical. Mathematics and music indeed!

Inspired by this and Jim's work, I downloaded Processing for the first time and began playing based on some of the examples on his Processing page.

I had a real good time at BarCampLA-7.Whitney Brothers; Processing, JbumI prefer Chank.



Watch Jerk, then watch ChankIn keeping with the "all I'm going to do is post videos indefinitely" theme that seems to be occuring, here are two of my favorites, they're really phenomenal, which were posted on Cartoon Brew:

Sharing from kris anka on Vimeo.

This one time... from nelson boles on Vimeo.Sharing; this one time...Drop ACID and think about data by Bob Ippolito of Mochi Media, Inc. from PyCon 2009.

The Video:


The Slides:


Glossary:
ACID
CAP Theorem
BASE
BigTable by Google
Dynamo by Amazon
Cassandra, an Apache Incubator Project, formerly of Facebook
Python dict
Immutable vs mutable (computer science)
Tokyo Cabinet
Tokyo Tyrant
Redis
Document database
CouchDB
MongoDB
JSON
BSON
Sharding
Column databases
MonetDB
LucidDB
Vertica (commercial, MochiAds uses this)
Bitmap Index
BBC: byte-aligned bitmap compression
WAC: word-aligned hybrid code
FastBit
Bloom filter


ACID vs. Key-Value Object StoresWhite Man by The Michael Gungor Band

via alliefab

Four Chords by Axis of Awesome [note: some salty language]


via kill ugly radioRevealed: God, Pop SongsI find Nobody Scores! inscrutable, which is often good, and sometims the flashes of brilliance crack me up!

Mastering the Art of Combat!I enjoyed this:





via Cartoon BrewBadly Drawn Roy#1: The early morning:



#2: My desk at work:



#3: Lunchtime at the park:



Nearly always with my iPod. Two weeks ago I thought I had lost my iPod for a night and it absolutely terrified me to think that I would not have it and would need to spend valuable cash to get a new one. Luckily, it was found where it should not have been. And my sanity was preserved, slightly.

Additionally, I'm 39 years old and I have not emotionally and physically felt my age more than this year. I'm undergoing a radical health transformation right now which is to the good, but also somewhat troubling. Our home scale seems to have a margin of error of 30 pounds, but notwithstanding that I believe I've lost about 45 pounds in the past 2 months. This defies all logic and I find it somewhat worrisome, but I'll take it for now. On the tax tip, we've made it halfway through the year with taxes taken out of most of our income, so our daunting tax bills that have nearly killed us the past two years probably will not recur next year. One step at a time, all things change and improve.

I'm learning at the new dayjob -- working in a continuous deployment environment can be terrifying -- but in some ways it's like working at the hospital again. I'm working in the intensive care unit for a rather monstrous, difficult patient. Sometimes it's fun. I could do without the cynicism it creates in others (and me) but I'm learning what it takes to keep a large web application running 24/7 to customers using it in the thousands, all the time. I'm still a newbie but am surviving.

And that's it from me for now. Hey, onward kids.

Is anyone reading this? If so, why?Things I Spend Time WithQuote of the day, via rc3:
Ive used the term a few times, and now its time to officially coin it: Hate Driven Development. Its when you come to hate working on something so much that it inspires a surge of productivity that leads to completion. Most projects that involve this methodology include a procrastination phase.Hate Driven DevelopmentA few photos from my commute, in no particular order:













Commute PhotosThis past weekend I went down to San Diego to catch up with family. San Diego is chock-full of people I care about, and it's unfortunately impossible to catch up with everyone. This was tightly focused on family.

It's always dislocating to return to a place where you have not been in a while. My memories get activated and I'm taken back to when I was 5 years old and trying to catch the little four-winged moths that hung out on this lawn. I remember my uncle parking his truck on that lawn after returning from the beach and washing it when I was in my early teens. I remember riding a Wham-O Slip-and-Slide on the yard. I remember being so small that I could not throw a basketball high enough to hit that rim. I remember playing horse with friends on the block when I was 13. I remember the time my aunt's dog had eaten some sort of poisonous thing and we all collectively got her to swallow a big ball of wet salt to induce vomiting. I think of more negative memories as well: being forced to do pushups on the lawn and being chastised for my unfitness. I remember arguments between family members that scared me when I was a kid. But I also remember being welcomed back many times by so many people as we returned from the Philippines, from New Orleans, from Los Angeles, from Virginia. So many homecomings. The torrent of memory is overwhelming, but somehow it all managed to coalesce into a positive experience. I had a terrific time, and only got mildly sunburned when we went to the beach.

Density of Memory

One of my favorite things as a kid was playing tetherball in the back yard of my Grandparents house. The tetherball itself has been changed out a number of times over the years, and it looks like it's about due.

I enjoyed playing though when I was shorter it pained me to get beaten. Once I got to be one of the taller members of the Crawford family I liked it much better.

The Crawford homestead was always one where there were games being played -- tetherball, basketball, whiffle ball, Risk, backgammon, Poker, Rummy, and more. When we lived close to or in San Diego I loved to play games there. Backgammon with my grandmother was a special favorite, as was Mao with my Uncle Jody.

Games are instructive because while the pretense is that they are a diversion, an entertainment, all the ones I have named are inherently social. It's that aspect of games I find the most compelling aspect--mostly because it's the part I least understand. I understand quite well how fun it is to roll double-sixes in backgammon, but what is the larger social component of that action while in the company of, and playing in opposition to, a family member or friend? I think perhaps there's something in games that teaches us to be graceful in victory, and accept defeat with class--to accept that sometimes things don't go our way. But also, that sometimes they do.

Hey, roll the dice, and move onward.Sometimes a tetherball is just a tetherball.I did not post for a whole month in June of 2009. I include this post here retroactively as of October, 2009 to state that.I did not post.
Moderately interesting. Another piece of data in the migration of everything on the web towards a Facebook-style or twitter-style update stream.

Dear Yahoo! 360&deg; and Flickr User,

Were contacting you because you shared your public Flickr photostream on Yahoo! by configuring photo-sharing in Yahoo! 360&deg;.

On July 23rd, as part of the closure of Yahoo! 360&deg;, we will migrate this preference to our new service, Yahoo! Updates.

Yahoo! Updates is a service that helps you keep in touch with friends and family by sharing mini-stories and thumbnails of your latest public photos with the people you know in places like Yahoo! Messenger, Yahoo! Mail & Yahoo! Profiles. These updates will be shared each time you upload public photos to Flickr. Like your photos on Flickr, these updates are also public, and can be seen by other users.

To learn more about Yahoo! Updates and control who can see them, please visit your Yahoo! Profile Updates Settings Page. If youd like to stop sharing your Flickr photostream via Updates, please look for the Flickr logo on the left side of the page. Change the corresponding pull-down menu option to "No One", then click the "Save" button.

Thanks,
Yahoo!

Yahoo! Updates (migration from Yahoo! 360)From last weekend, after having gone to the beach. They live on the East Coast in the D.C. area. However, every Summer they visit and become San Diegans for a while.



My Sister and Brother-in-law could not possibly be cuter.Photo taken in Alabama, 1956 by Gordon Parks:



Gordon Parks was a groundbreaking American photographer, musician, poet, novelist, journalist, activist and film director. He is best remembered for his photo essays for Life magazine and as the director of the 1971 film Shaft.

(via)Gordon Parks. Alabama, 1956.Estimated travel data provided by Google Maps. Actual result data provided by Joe and Leah.

Going...
Glendale (91203) to Clairemont (92117)

Estimated Travel Data:
Distance: 122 miles
Estimated transit time: 2 hours 2 mins
Assumed average speed: 60 mph
Estimated transit time (in traffic): 3 hours 40 mins in traffic
Assumed average speed (in traffic): 33 mph

Actual Results:
Departure time: 2:30pm
Departure date: Friday, Summertime
Actual transit time: 4 hours 30 mins in traffic
Actual average speed: 27 mph

Returning...
Clairemont (92117) to Moorpark (93021)

Estimated Travel Data:
Distance: 161 miles
Estimated transit time: 2 hours 41 minutes
Assumed average speed: 60 mph
Estimated transit time (in traffic): 4 hours 40 minutes in traffic
Assumed average speed (in traffic): 35 mph

Actual Results:
Departure time: 9:45pm
Departure date: Saturday, Summertime
Actual transit time: 2 hours 35 mins
Actual average speed: 62 mph

Comment: I think we have a clear winner. In future we'll always leave very late and travel north. Logistically, this may prove to be a problem, but since it's just an implementation detail we'll not address it at this time.YMMVdepressing. I liked tr.im. This makes me think of starting my own so it's permanent. Web pages should live forever, you know.



tr.im is now in the process of discontinuing service, effective immediately.

Statistics can no longer be considered reliable, or reliably available going forward.
However, all tr.im links will continue to redirect, and will do so until at least December 31, 2009.
Your tweets with tr.im URLs in them will not be affected.

We regret that it came to this, but all of our efforts to avoid it failed.
No business we approached wanted to purchase tr.im for even a minor amount.

There is no way for us to monetize URL shortening -- users won't pay for it -- and we just can't
justify further development since Twitter has all but annointed bit.ly the market winner.
There is simply no point for us to continue operating tr.im, and pay for its upkeep.

We apologize for the disruption and inconvenience this may cause you.

tr.im shutting downWhen I was in my teens in San Diego, I loved movies. I didn't like all movies, I was more discriminating, or snobbish, depending on how you looked at it. I loved seeing movies at The Ken in Kensington, and The Cove in La Jolla. The Cove is no longer there. There was one in Hillcrest whose name I can't remember anymore. But I remember seeing movies at these places, many many movies. Ran, Wish You Were Here, Blue Velvet, Eraserhead, 8 1/2, Stardust Memories, Stop Making Sense, Home of the Brave by Laurie Anderson, Akira, several Tournees of Animation, Heaven by Diane Keaton. Foreign, animation, old movies, great double features. Whoever made the decisions for The Ken did a great job. They printed a one-sheet featuring upcoming movies and I would make an effort to see as many as I could. Before the movies at the Ken, for a very long time, they would have a little "No Smoking" bumper play. It had John Waters in it and it made me laugh every time. I never saw it anywhere but the Ken. Where did it come from? I thought I'd never see it again. I was wrong. YouTube eventually provides everything. I regret that I cannot share with you the aging chairs, slightly sticky floors, or the good popcorn of The Ken in 1988. Howeverm it remains my great pleasure to share this small public service announcement with you:



transcribed:
Hello I'm John Waters and I'm supposed to announce there is no smoking in this theater, which I think is one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard of in my life. How can anyone sit through a length of a film, and especially a European film and not have a cigarette? But don't you wish you had one right now? Mmmmm mm mm mm. And I'm telling you, smoke anyway! It gives ushers jobs and if people didn't smoke and there would be no employment for the youth of today so once again no smoking in this theater. Mmmmm.

I loved going to The Ken. I attended with my friends Erin, Dorene, Chris, and my parents and sister. But never all together. Sometimes I went alone. My friends did not ever see or interact with each other. There was something about me that needed to keep them apart. I think I told all my friends different vaguely untrue stories. Well, I didn't exactly tell them stories, that would be poor lying. I referred to some events that never happened. I think I told slightly different stories to each friend. Not big lies, just small little lies to make myself seem more interesting, more desirable, more complicated, more creative. I was obviously quite complicated in my fantasies. There were truths too, the friendships were real. But I must say, I am disappointed in my past self as I remember this aspect of myself.

What's really funny is all I wanted to do was post this John Waters video. I also knew I wanted to transcribe it, so that others might find it better. But writing is funny, sometimes what emerges is not what you intended. I regret that I lied. I'm glad of the opportunity to think about this aspect of my past.John Waters: No SmokingQuote of the Day, from Film Director Peter Jackson

I mean, personally I think thats one of the most depressing things about the film industry generally today. The writers and directors should be blamed just as much as the studios because really everything seems to be a remake or adapting a 1970s TV show that was never particularly good. Why anyone thinks that it would be a good feature film now, you know, goodness knows why. And I guess its easy to say it's security that you know a studio is only prepared to put $150 million or $200 million into something if its a known quantity. But at the same time Im also aware that audiences are getting fed up with the lack of original ideas and original stories. And if you look back to the great days of "Star Wars" and "Indiana Jones" and those sorts of movies, they werent based on TV shows, they werent based on comics. They were inspired by them and they had DNA in them which came from years of Flash Gordon and various things in the past but nonetheless they were original. And yet we seem to be incapable as a general industry, which includes not just the studios but the filmmakers and writers and directors, we seem to be incapable of doing that now for some reason. Its a little bit depressing. But hopefully its a cycle. Everything in the film business tends to be cyclic and hopefully this all drains itself out in a couple years and well be back into original stories again.Goodness Knows WhyART && CODE Symposium: Hackety Hack, why the lucky stiff from STUDIO for Creative Inquiry on Vimeo.hacketyhack.netwhytheluckystiff.netartandcode.ning.comwhy the lucky stiff (or _why) is a computer programmer. His best known work may be Why's (poignant) Guide to Ruby, a book which teaches the Ruby programming language with stories; its eclectic style has been compared to a "collaboration between Stanislaw Lem and Edward Lear". Chapter 3 of this Guide was republished in The Best Software Writing I, edited by Joel Spolsky.Most recently, Why has focused his efforts on the problem of how to better teach programming, and how to make programming more appealing to young people. His latest project, Hackety Hack, is a Ruby-based environment used to teach programming to children. His most vocal critics describe him as "a fledgling freelance professor, should one adhere to the most fraudulent of definitions." His biographical information, matter of point, is riddled with accolades which are clearly either lifted or falsified in order to cast him in a good light -- let's say 40 watts of violet."

why the lucky stiff is a hero of mine.why the lucky stiff appears to be a person.

One of the funniest and most referenced lines by Leah and I from Mean Girls.

I think we reference it to avoid the practice.

It reminds me of one of my favorite Confucian dictums:

"If I am walking with two other men, each of them I will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.""I'm not like a regular mom, I'm a cool mom."My grandfather turned 91 last week. Born 4 September, 1918. He was quite an interesting fellow. He joined the Navy in the 1930s and saw the world. He was a Chief in the Navy and as a navigator helped guide ships including the USS Intrepid during World War II.

He had a long career in the Navy, moved to San Diego, where my father and mother would later meet. For a few years he worked in aerospace and eventually worked as a letter carrier for the US Postal Service until he retired in the 1980s.

He was a man of the old school. He had the capacity to bring home strangers to dinner, he was not afraid to talk to people and ask how much they paid for their house. He kept a well-stocked freezer. He was a democrat and though he would say things about certain persons of color that were retrograde, in the last election he voted for Barack Obama.

He was married to my Grandmother Jean for 65 years. In the last 30 years that partnership was closer still after my Grandma's stroke in the 1980s made her unable to drive or see right or get around easily.

He was committed and steadfast to his family and those he considered family.

In the last month he had begun wasting away, eating almost nothing, less fluids, less able to get around in his own home. As a man who would mow folks' lawns and spent lots of time outside, he he has had small cancerous and pre-cancerous growths for years. But the diagnosis of chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma took a serious toll.

Last Friday, just 3 days ago, I got a call from my mother early in the morning saying that he had made a turn for the worse. He was being given narcotics for his severe pain, and they had ordered a hospital bed for him at the house, where my aunts and uncles in San Diego had been taking care of both he and my Grandmother for a few months. He was declining.

I was on my way to work, but I was compelled to change my plans immediately. I was drawn to San Diego to an extent I now find hard to fathom. Instead of going to Glendale to work, I went to San Diego.

When I got there I was greeted by my three Aunts and Grandmother, and later my Uncle.

I used to work in Intensive Care Units and experienced a lot of deaths and terminally ill people. My Grandfather had that look. His body had burned through Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs downward to the basic needs: safety and biological. The poker playing, the grilling of delivery people about their families and jobs, the friendly offer of a soda pop to anyone who came by -- these were all gone.

I spoke to him and clutched his arm but I don't really think the body I saw before me could hear me or feel that touch. I like to think there was an aspect of him hovering as a presence there. The scientist, the Respiratory Therapist in me, does not see the Holy Spirit and Mother Mary, but the artist in me can. These aspects of myself were both there, seeing how reduced he was and also that he was moving close toward a transcendent plane, beyond his body, beyond the physical world.

His breathing was labored. His skin blotchy and clammy. His body temperature varied.

I saw many people die while I was working in hospitals. Sometimes I was part of the team withdrawing life support. Sometimes I was part of the team providing artificial respiration with a bag attached to oxygen. Literally blowing air into people's lungs. Sometimes I would do chest compressions, with the lockstep rhythm working to jump-start someone's body to life. Whomever was running the Code Blue would call out orders: "Charge to 200 Joules." "Clear." "Shock at 200 Joules." "Pulse?" "Continue compressions." Sometimes a code was a fraction of an hour. I was witness to some codes which lasted much longer.

But for my Grandfather, there would be no heroic measures. His body was too spent, too weathered, to survive. There was no resource to draw on.

I never felt a sense of magic or grandeur when a death happened in a hospital. There was only bleak pitiless emptiness. The body, when dead, was simply inert. I don't know what I expected. Perhaps something like an Assumption into Heaven, with heavens parting and a white light. Or perhaps something like an extra presence as the soul left the body and rose and left the body. Whenever I saw death and dying, I would look for it. But nothing came.

I think in not seeing that, I lost my faith. A huge part of me was torn away. I could not reconcile my experience with what I was taught and taught myself about spiritually.

My Grandfather did not suffer such doubts. He went to church dutifully with my Grandmother for as long as I can remember. He never talked about faith, and I don't really know what he believed. I suspect he knew that church was part of what stable families do. He knew because he grew up hard, in the depression, and his family had hardships early on. His love of life I'm sure was simply being glad he had come so far from that hardship.

In High School in Omaha, he played sports. He played Football and Baseball, at least. I think he may have done more. He joined the Navy and in the Navy he wrestled. He won competitions. He was doing push-ups at least into his 70s. He could do better push-ups than me when I was in my teens and he his 60s. This was a fact that I recount with some pain. I've never treated my body as well as he treated his.

The day went on, and more family members came and saw and spoke to him. Spent time at his bedside. The hospital bed was delivered. A hospice nurse came. My family took care of him. A baby monitor was there and was lit with his labored breathing. We got set up for family dinner, a tradition in the family in San Diego for several decades now. Everyone comes, more or less, for dinner Friday nights. When I lived in San Diego we did this.

My Grandpa and Grandma would make spaghetti, or tacos, or meat loaf, or whatever, and we would share our weeks and months. Living away I have missed many for several years, but it is an important tradition for the family.

It always happened at 6pm. When you were late my Grandfather's greeting was something like "You're late -- salad's ready." Usually with something of a grin on his face. When I was in my teens I don't really remember hugging him, but in the last 10 years usually I would hug him too.

At a little before 6pm, my Uncle Lee indicated that he couldn't feel a pulse, and he couldn't see him breathing. My aunt Jackie felt for a pulse. Others did too. Carotid. Brachial. I immediately felt for the femoral artery. When the heart is working poorly, you want to feel the best possible pulse. The femoral artery is the one you want, and I felt nothing. His feet were cool to the touch. His color even worse. The only thing like breathing in the room was the fans that were used to keep the room temperature okay. My Grandfather was dead. We cried and cried and saw to him. Words cannot do justice to the feeling of this time but it was intense and chaotic and familial grief at its strongest. I do not remember feeling like this for any death. I had never been so present for a death. I had never had to confront my emotions during a death and it was unfamiliar.

Though I drove to San Diego knowing I would likely see death, this was not what I thought I would feel. It was a melange of the experience of the scientist-me and of the spiritual me. I didn't recoil from the prayers said. I did not think it hypocritical when the Lord, or the greater beyond, or my Grandfather's new Journey were spoken of. I do not seek out cynical dismissals of claims that spiritual events were happening. And neither did I miss that the practical and physical aspects were rather simple: his life is gone. Rather, I saw a middle way. Something I didn't expect because I didn't expect anything other than to see my dying Grandfather before he died.

Joseph James Crawford
joe &amp; leah

Originally uploaded by avocadoh


see also
About Her. Her.Her Her.
IMG_0451

Originally uploaded by leahpeah


leah looks wonderful.

see also
they captured me chewing here
Joe of Artlung and Leah of LeahPeah

Originally uploaded by suebobdavis


i have no idea what my expression is here.

see also
Joe of Artlung and Leah of LeahPeah
Reboot! i have been a poor system administrator. sorry.

Originally uploaded by Joe Crawford (artlung)


i have been a poor system administrator. sorry.

Like a an Windows machine, if I don't get system updates and regular reboots I get infested with viruses and malware and all manner of bad behavior. This hardware is flaky. In the past 96 hours I've rebooted.

But the world is shiny and new and reinvigorated. Turns out happiness can be obliterated if you change your point of view to the negative. If you see the small betrayals as large, if you emphasize the negative and eliminate the positive, then things go bad. But change is possible, practical, and necessary. I have done it before.

For those of you who are on board, God Bless, for those of you with no interest, also God Bless.

Hey, Onward. I used to say that all the time.
Reboot!My Grandfather always read the paper. He kept up on the news. I don't think he ever set down to read anything on the web in his life, but he was a man who would get the paper. When I was a teenager and into my twenties I also had this tradition. As a teen I would be sure to buy the LA Times, because I was a little snotty about LA being the "real" city.

When I lived on my own in Charlottesville, Virginia -- this was 1992 to 1994 -- Sunday mornings, often after working the night shift, I made it a point to buy the Sunday papers: The Daily Progress, The Washington Post, and The New York Times. Staying informed was how I looked at it. I think there was a thread between my purchases of the paper and the example set by my Grandparents. I can't really articulate it, other than to say that staying informed was important. How else would you know what's going on?

Now everything has changed for newspapers and news. One of the things we have lost is the tradition of the obituary. A printed obituary no longer means what it once did. Well, my Grandfather is now here in the paper. Living in Moorpark, I would have to drive down to one of LA's many newsstands to get a copy, but instead I can get it on obituaries.signonsandiego.com. I'm told though, that it will only be online for 365 days. The site says "(Obituaries online 365 days. Guest Books online 30 days, unless sponsored.)" I find that particular aspect of the obituaries particularly stupid. Once the entry is there, why would it not stay there forever? It's antithetical and nearly offensive to my "web" sensibilities that it would disappear.

In 1998, on a page which 11 years later is still there, Jakob Nielsen wrote Web Pages Must Live Forever, which is a sentiment, a belief, a DOGMA I have as well. There are efforts like archive.org and Archive Team, sure, but I like to try and lead by example with regard to web pages. Put them up, and keep them up.

In that spirit, I repost my Grandfather's obituary here today, for what reason? Do my readers really want to read about a man they do not know and will never get to meet? No, but I want it here, because otherwise his obituary will disappear from the web, his page will die, and that is something I cannot cotton to.


CRAWFORD, JOSEPH JAMES Joseph James Crawford, 91, of San Diego, passed away on Friday, September 11, 2009, in his Clairemont home. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on September 4, 1918. He was the third of four children born to Frank and Mary Crawford. He is survived by his beloved wife of over 64 years, Jean. They met as Omaha neighbors in their youth as Jean was his sister's best friend. He is survived as well by his six children, Jim (Phyllis) of Roanoke, VA, John (Karen) of Dunwoody, GA, Jody, Joanie, Jeannine Eddy (Lee) and Jacqui, all of San Diego. He was also so proud of his grandchildren, Joe (Leah), Kelly (Daniel), Katie, Jessica, Bud, Jonathan, Michael and adopted grandchild Candi Lewis of Australia. He is survived by his sister, Mary, and brother, Bill of Omaha as well as many nieces and nephews. He will miss his faithful dog, Duchess, as well as his horse racing buddies; "adopted" daughter Helene Kelberg, Flo Thomason, Wendell Larson and Larry Smith. He was a retired Navy Chief Quartermaster who enlisted in the Navy in his teens. He was decorated for his service in World War II and was involved in many key battles in the Pacific, including the Battle of Leyte Gulf. He served during the Korean War as well. He also was a mailman in San Diego for many years, making lots of friends among those on his route. He volunteered at St. Catherine Laboure's bingo program. His generous, loving spirit, curiosity and love of life have endeared him to all who have been touched by him. A Rosary will be held October 15, 2009, at 7 p.m. at St. Catherine Laboure Catholic Church. A Mass will be given on October 16th at 10 a.m. at St. Catherine's followed by a Military service at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery at 2 p.m. A Celebration of Life will be held at Mt. Soledad's Veterans Memorial in La Jolla, CA on October 17th at 11:30 a.m. followed by a reception at the Crawfords' Clairemont home. Donations, in lieu of flowers, may be sent to San Diego Hospice who kept him comfortable in his last days. Or, pass on a hug or do a good deed for Joe.Obituary: Joseph James CrawfordHe combines the attributes of serious-minded and jocular in a most unique and awesome way. And as of today he is 17 years old. He is my stepson. Happy Birthday Tyler!

Happy Birthday Tyvia Eden Kennedy : fussy.org:

"Holding onto anger is like swallowing poison and expecting the other person to die" (quoth Felice Dunas).

and another:

I dont know what your destiny will be, but one thing I do know: The only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve. Albert Schweitzer


Quotes of the Day

Things are difficult in my life right now. I had no idea that I could feel so much as though I had lost my identity. I felt this somewhat when I moved out to Los Angeles from Virginia, but that went away rapidly as I threw myself into work and learning. It happened again when my first marriage imploded. And now, again, here I am at the state where I am not quite certain where it is I am, what I am for, how I am useful. I know I am useful, though I can easily fall into uselessness. I have fallen into pits of despair before and been incommunicado with the outside world. It happens less than it used to, but it still happens sometimes. I have to make things right with the world outside now. Perhaps by making things right with the outside world, my inner life can also feel solace. I remain blessed to have positive thoughts sent to me by various people. I am thankful for that, and for tolerance, and forgiveness.

The photo of Clark Gable and Jean Harlow gives me lots of thoughts. Visually it reminds me of time shared with Leah while watching movies. The act of going to the movies, so common when dating, is something we can always enjoy together. Now, the act of being partners in a marriage; of not allowing resentments to build up; of absolute trust; of empathy for your partners shortcomings -- these are things that are much harder. It is something we are working on, though when times are hard, the bar is raised on that task. The more feelings are hurt, the harder it is to work on the common communication and feeling necessary to sustain a marriage. In that spirit Leah and I are figuring out what makes the best sense for the two of us. We're committed to our relationship, and I think to our marriage--we both seem to believe that a marriage and partnership with each other is what we want in the long term--the problem is that the devil is in the details. How do we get from here (where things are strained) to there? I suppose this is the question for all marriages. But I know part of it is to acknowledge that we are already right where we need to be in the long term. The key is to find the balance that serves us both emotionally, mentally, physically, and spiritually.

I am grateful to have a partner with whom I can talk about these things, so together we can move onward."Things are difficult"

Part of Joseph James Crawford, Ft Rosecrans Memorial.

Previously. And previously. Thank you Leah for taking these photos.Rest In Peace JJCFrom Exclusive Interview With Ashok Banker!

Where can we find more info about you and your work?

From me directly. I follow a one-on-one approach to marketing. That means I wait for a reader or prospective reader to contact me, whether through Facebook, Twitter, Orkut, my blog, etc, and then I interact directly. Its not unlike what weve done here in this interview  multiplied several thousands of times a year. Ive structured my life in such a way that I give my time and energy first to writing and my family, then to interacting with readers one-on-one. I dont do signings, readings, launches, conventions, etc. I do very few media interviews, and then only in some years. But I am accessible 24/7 to readers. I share everything I write WHILE Im writing it with readers, and let them comment, suggest, edit, etc. You can see hundreds of them acknowledged in the Acknowledgments section of all my books  instead of the usual agents, editors and other crap that most authors fill the front of their books with. I write lengthy introductions to my books in which I spell out my political and personal agenda in the work theyre about to read  I intrude and involve myself completely with my readers. And they love it. And I love it. And my sales have increased steadily with every passing year, as has my income and the popularity of the books themselves. And what else matters?

More from him at http://ashokbanker.com/.

I found out about this interview via Nick MamatasIt's Readers That MatterThank you to all who have offered condolences and warm thoughts in the past weeks.



This photo is from the "Celebration of Life" event we had at Mt. Soledad, the last formal event as part of my Grandfather's funeral services. Other posts about this are here: Previously, previously, and previously.

I semi-dropped off the grid, quit my dayjob, went freelance, and Leah and I are working our issues out in a mode of honesty and quasi-separation and a sensitivity to good BOUNDARIES. I have acknowledged the fact that yes, she is mentally ill, and yes, that affects our relationship, and no, her feeling shame about that is no good, and me being in denial about that is no good either. I was in denial a long time. So we take it a day at a time, and move forward.

That's me explaining San Diego harbor to my cousin Michael.


Other changes have been in the area of health. I had had a housemaid's knee for a full month. It was a collection of viscous fluid just below the skin and over my knee -- painful, sensitive. I was concerned it would last forever, that it would need to be drained, etc. Luckily, After 8 weeks it did eventually subside. I got it after falling heavily on pavement on September 12th. It might be hard to see, since I was nearly 400 pounds, is that in the past year I've lost about 70 pounds. The numbers are iffy here, because my scale's accuracy is poor. But I have lost several pants sizes and now fit into shirts I very much did not fit into a year ago. In fact, one pair of pants looks like one of those "big pants weight loss photos" on me. So I'm happy for the weight loss and the better mobility that affords. It's frustrating to see photos of me and see a fat man, still, but I can see that the fat man is less fat anyway.

Weight loss is maddeningly gradual, and unpredictable for me now. I eat less, and I do more. But I've not given up sweets. I tried a Hostess Orange Cupcake and for many months a staple meal was McDonald's: small coke, milk, 3 chocolate chip cookies, and a double cheeseburger (skip the bun). This is a cheap meal (my boys love the Carl's Jr. burgers which cost about the same as my whole staple meal), and has been a part of my weight loss non-plan for about 6 months.

The main thing that I can feel has changed has been my awareness of stress eating. Eating out of habit, eating for emotional reasons. MAS has been instrumental in getting me to think about eating. I know I don't eat as he might recommend me to eat, but I have started to think more about what it means to eat, and fast, and exercise, and live. I never used to do that. To me, the body was not important: it's the mind - intellectual pursuits are paramount; or the soul - spirituality is the only thing that matters, ultimately. Only with time have I come to realize that a healthy life must encompass all of the parts lest it derail like that train at the beginning of The Fugutive.

So I'm getting back into the swim of things now and feeling better.

The new directions feel good and healthy, for which I'm thankful.Thank You All

It sure has been a remarkable few months. I've made some folks real happy, and some folks confused, and some folks confused and happy, and some folks confused and happy, and some folks unhappy, and some folks... well, you can work it out.

It's cold where I am in Roanoke, Virginia. I've shoveled more snow than ever before, but mostly it's cold and I'm working stuff out. Hang tight, and sorry I've not been replying to much email. I'm working on it, I swear.

Oh, and, welcome to 2010. I will turn 40 years old this year and I feel okay about it. But things have radically changed, to the good I think.Snow and Trees #1From March, 2002:

You have to have the ganas to work on web stuff. All you need is desire. The technology changes frequently, and you have to keep up. The tools we use are always playing catch-up ball with best practices in accessibility, standards compliance, usability, design, browsers. If you keep your eye on the state of the art, work hard, and try to have fun with it, you're set.

- Source: The Head Lemur's pixelview interview with Joe Crawford
Quote of the DayThe visual proof:

Yes, I did shovel snow.This is a placeholder to that effect.I did not blog in November, 2009.This is a placeholder to that effect.I did not blog in December, 2009.

Two of the more vivid characters from The Wire, Omar and Brother Mouzone, which Leah, my father and I have watched over the past month with great zeal. It's worth re-watching start-to-finish.Omar & Brother MouzoneQuote of the Day from Clay Shirky:

Unfortunately for us, though, the intellectual fate of our historical generation is unlikely to matter much in the long haul. It is our misfortune to live through the largest increase in expressive capability in the history of the human race, a misfortune because surplus always breaks more things than scarcity. Scarcity means valuable things become more valuable, a conceptually easy change to integrate. Surplus, on the other hand, means previously valuable things stop being valuable, which freaks people out.

Surplus ... freaks people out (QOTD)In November, as part of our cross-country trip, I visited the Oklahoma City Memorial. It was early in the morning, Leah was exhausted and sick. I took some time and wandered the grounds for a while. I took a few photos.









Visiting the memorial was like visiting a church.

In the film No Maps for These Territories, William Gibson talks about the bombing and how the news of it raised the stakes. This catastrophe in Oklahoma City was a truth stranger than fiction, by a new factor. No Maps was made in 2000, and I saw it at SXSW that year.

I think he was right. This future is not what I would have ever predicted.

Anyway.

My response to the Memorial was similar to how I feel when I visit a Catholic Cathedral for the first time, or when I visit the Lincoln Memorial and read that damn Lincoln's Second Inaugural Address. It induces doleful weepiness.

"...and the war came"

The Fence is an ad hoc part of the Memorial, where there is an assortment of artifacts, specific memorials to individuals, knick knacks. It's flowers, but other things too, keychains, hats, ribbons, wreaths, toys, stuffed animals. It's not designed. It's not planned. It degrades, and is a little dingy. It is the product of people keeping a memory alive. It is the work of people leaving a piece of themselves, having visited. There are a few photos here. The Memorial's website says:

The first Fence was installed to protect the site of the Murrah Building. Almost immediately, people began to leave tokens of love and hope on the Fence. Those items now total more than 60,000 and are collected and preserved in our archives. Today, more than 200 feet of the original Fence gives people the opportunity to leave tokens of remembrance and hope.



Sorry if this post induces dolefulness. Read about the bombing, it's an event that deserves to be known.Oklahoma City MemorialFrom Paul Ford's Just Like Heaven in The Morning News

There is tourism for the bodya trip to the Jersey Shore or Ibiza, waterparks and nightclubs. Return relaxed, brain scooped. There is tourism for the minda walk through the Louvre, a visit to the Liberty Bell. The Grand Canyon is a little of each."The Grand Canyon is a little of each"
Bloomberg On the Economy with Tom Keene went to paid subscription only on their podcast. Suddenly in my iTunes all their podcasts are all under 10 minutes in length and exhort the listener to subscribe to get the whole show. I've been listening for what seems like 2 years and enjoyed many of their guests. Good inside-baseball discussion of economics.

Twitter is great for finding like-minded people, and sure enough a quick search for "bloomberg podcast" yields other listeners also affected by this change:

artlung: Bloomberg On the Economy with Tom Keene went to paid subscription only on their podcast. Disappointing.brentaustin: Very disappointed to see that the Bloomberg on the Economy podcast has gone subscription only. It was one of my favorite finance/econ pdcstsjustgregit: really upset that bloomberg on the economy podcast now costs $100. I'm going to cry. @tomkeene_jackoatmon: Awwwwww maaaannnn. Bloomberg started charging for the Tom Keene podcast. Blast!alyshabrady: Payment required for the Bloomberg on the Economy podcast?  Despicable.

I understand Bloomberg has to make money. I'm disappointed especially because there was no warning. Just all of a sudden the podcast was not the whole podcast. They did run ads, but I guess those didn't make enough money to sustain the thing.Bloomberg on the Economy with Tom Keene Podcast: Paid SubscriptionDavid Letterman comments on TV shenanigans:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uN6Q2YFFteQ"This is free genius tv advice."Official Google Blog: A new approach to China:

These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered--combined with the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web--have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China. We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn, and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law, if at all. We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn, and potentially our offices in China.

Significant.Google reviewing  business operations in China

There's something wonderful about looking up at a Space Shuttle. Even if the whole project was sort of a half-step and not really in keeping with getting us out there. It was okay for getting us into orbit, but we really need to get, gone, daddy-o.

I went to the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center, part of the Smithsonian some weeks back. I have photos to prove it. (Leah took most of those).EnterpriseTerrifc rant from my favorite internet pundit, Clay Shirky:

And it looks to me like women in general, and the women whose educations I am responsible for in particular, are often lousy at those kinds of behaviors, even when the situation calls for it. They arent just bad at behaving like arrogant self-aggrandizing jerks. They are bad at behaving like self-promoting narcissists, anti-social obsessives, or pompous blowhards, even a little bit, even temporarily, even when it would be in their best interests to do so. Whatever bad things you can say about those behaviors, you cant say they are underrepresented among people who have have changed the world.Clay Shirky's rant about womenI've spent some time yesterday compiling a list of users groups here in Roanoke, Virginia. I've placed that at http://artlung.com/techroanoke/. When we first arrived here in late November I was quite happy to have found the Roanoke .NET Users Group, though the fact that I'm not particularly a Microsoft developer is a hindrance to my full enjoyment. That group does have what appears to be an awesome Code Camp coming up in March, but again, the technologies they're using don't (yet?) get me fired up. I have done a fair amount of work with SQL Server, traditional ASP (Yes, I can write VBScript and even server-side JScript!). I've gone through the basic tutorials with .NET, and I've played with Mono. None of these are my main expertise.

I went looking for groups on the web, and found not much, really. So I started peeking around on twitter, following searches for "Roanoke" and "Blacksburg." I poked around at the folks doing the twittering. I've done similar searches for outlying towns and cities. In the course of all this searching I've found some frustration--events in Roanoke are straightforward enough, though there are mentions of a Roanoke Alabama, and Roanoke Texas which can get in the way. Blacksburg is great as a search term, but "New River Valley" or even just Virginia Tech are better searches for that area. One of the biggest boosters of local tech uses the term NewVa Technology Corridor, representing "Roanoke and Blacksburg, VA." I think the term "NewVA" is a terrible term, and nobody uses it. Blacksburg groups are usually just "VT," and in searches sometimes Roanoke events get tagged as "#rke", which is a contraction that I'm not crazy about, but people use it, so who am I to argue with taxonomy.

But through searches, and with some wonderful assistance from some local folk, again via twitter, I have come up with what I think is a pretty good list of the local stuff (Roanoke is where we are, Blacksburg is 36 miles away), as well as other areas within striking distance. Harrisonburg is 110 miles away, though I made that list last because so far the groups I've found are all have "Shenandoah" in their name and not Harrisonburg. I hope that does not offend the late Thomas Harrison overmuch. Charlottesville (120 miles away) has a few groups, including what seems to be a quite active Social Media group. The North Carolina Triangle (170 miles away) is the most interesting and most difficult to search for. The Triangle encompasses several cities, and is immediately adjacent to The Triad, but don't get them confused. I have more work to do in separating out where these different events and groups are in NC. Richmond (190 miles away) has a few, and have a WordPress Camp coming up in the Summer. Charlotte (198 miles away) was not on my radar at all, but has quite a few groups of interest. I completely missed Charlotte in favor of Washington DC / Northern Virginia (240 miles away), where I have a few friends, and of course my sister lives there, but Charlotte is the area that I know the least about, other than flying through there many times on my way to Roanoke or Charlottesville. Baltimore (278 miles away) is about as far away as I want to get, list-wise, and there I just have BarCamp, because that's my interest. I had to stop somewhere.

It vexes me that there is not a more complete regional cross-group listing, but I understand all too well the reasons for it. When I ran websandiego, groups waxed and waned as their leadership changed. It takes hard work to keep a "meet in person" group going. I have a great admiration for the way 12-step groups manage to keep regular in-person meetings going. They pare down the required fees, materials, culture to the minimum, and have sustained for many years. People come and go but the groups sustain themselves. My wish is for a similar kind of scenario for BarCamp. I've seen BarCamp's be less functional because there was no real structure to keep the needs of the event first, which put pressure on the organizers, more pressure than was healthy.

Users groups tend to have more overhead--sponsors and giveaways and a regular meeting space require hustling and phone calls and "extra work" that can be hard to do.

So for posterity, because I presume people will search for Roanoke Users Group and get this page, here's what I have so far. The full and up-to-date list will live at http://artlung.com/techroanoke/:

Roanoke .NET Users Groupsite: http://rvnug.org/note: regular meetings, responsive groupThe NewVa Technology Councilsite: http://www.thetechnologycouncil.com/note: lots of resources herefacebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/NewVa-Corridor-Technology-Council/106450157678Roanoke Code Camp site: http://rvnug.org/CodeCamp.aspxdate: March 13, 2010Roanoke Meetup 2.0site: http://roanoketweetup.com/site: http://johnlusher.com/meetup-20-roanoke/linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/groups?gid=2128407facebook: http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=47389758859date: Thursdays 9amRoanoke Regional Writer's Conferencesite: http://www.hollins.edu/news-events/writers/writers.htmdate: January 22-23, 2010Southwest/Roanoke VA Adobe User Groupsite: http://groups.adobe.com/groups/287a83e7d1/summary
Blacksburg Media Artistssite: http://www.meetup.com/Blacksburg-Media-Artists/Virginia Tech Linux Users' Group (VTLUG)site: http://www.vtluug.org/Tech &amp; Toastsite: http://www.thetechnologycouncil.com/toastdate: Monthly meeting of the NewVa Corridor Technology CouncilTechNite Awards Banquetsite: http://www.thetechnologycouncil.com/TechNitedate: April 7, 2010VT KnowledgeWorks Business Acceleration Centersite: http://www.vtknowledgeworks.com/events-list: http://www.vtknowledgeworks.com/event/calendar.htmlVirginia Tech Corporate Research Centersite: http://www.vtcrc.com/Roanoke Users GroupsIt's a rainy Sunday morning. One could do worse than to spend it with Bas. He's one of the more affectionate cats I've ever met.

Rainy Sunday morningQuote of the day, from a children's book about the year 2010 written in 1972: 2010: Living in the Future (via waxy.org):

In the year 2010 everyone wears a jumpsuit and shoes. The clothes may look odd, but they are sensible. The jumpsuits and shoes are made in thousands of colors, from a material so light you can hardly feel it. The material keeps you warm when it is cold and cool when it is hot.


A jumpsuit and shoesAt Christmastime, which Leah and I spent in Kanab, Utah with family, I drove south towards the north rim of the Grand Canyon. I took a few photos on the drive. Kanab's elevation is 4,970 feet -- there was a very slight amount of snow on the cliffs near Kanab and lingering in the town (this is detail from another photo, to the Southwest of Kanab:



The elevation at Jacob Lake is 7,925 feet. It gets more snow, and the snow sticks longer. The road to the North Rim of the Grand Canyon from Jacob Lake are closed in winter. There was an impressive amount of snow:





My brother-in-law Rick Gate took this great photo from his trip there a few weeks later:



That sign is a store on the South end of Fredonia, which is part-way from Kanab to Jacob Lake. The sign is an indicator that you are definitely no longer in Utah, seeing as how alcohol and gambling are against Church teachings.

Rick camped south of where I drove to, and blogged a few photos and thoughts: Notes From Winter Camp at Toroweap.

I've taken to seeing much of that part of the country as unappreciated. Even the Grand Canyon. We joke about going to see it, and then getting back in the car. I think if more people viewed it as a 19th century landscape painters their hearts might barely contain their enthusiasm. For example, here's a letter from Thomas Moran from his wife, 1873:

On reaching the brink the whole gorge for miles lay beneath us and it was by far the most awfully grand and impressive scene that I have ever yet seen. We had reached the Canon on the second level or edge of the great gulf. Above and around us rose a wall of 2000 feet and below us a vast chasm 2500 feet in perpendicular depth and 1/2 a mile wide. At the bottom the river very muddy and seemingly only a hundred feet wide seemed slowly moving along but in reality is a rushing torrent filled with rapids. A suppressed sort of roar comes up constantly from the chasm but with that exception every thing impresses you with an awful stillness. The color of the Great Canon itself is red, a light Indian Red, and the material sandstone and red marble and is in terraces all the way down. All above the canon is variously colored sandstone mainly a light flesh or cream color and worn into very fine forms. I made an outline and did a little color work but had not time nor was it worth while to make a detailed study in color. We made several photos which will give me all the details I want if I conclude to paint the view.

What it must have felt like to see such a sight, with a painter's eye, for the first time! It boggles my mind.

I hope I can see more of the world with such eyes, for truly it contains wonders. And I hope I can take advantage of the ability to see natural beauty.

UPDATE: Joe Bennion also wrote about camping on Toroweap.Jacob Lake CampgroundMark Cuban has a counterintuitive take on the changes NBC tried with regards to late night tv in his latest post: Why are we condemning Jeff Zucker & NBC over Leno?

In todays corporate world, if you dont take the risks, you dont get skewered on blogs, on cable news, in the newspaper. Public condemnation appears to be a far worse consequence than financial success is a reward. Thats (sic) a huge problem for our country.

In other words: no risk, no reward. It's a topic worth considering.
Mark Cuban's counterintuitive take on NBC's talk show movesPart of running WordPress is that when you start a post, your draft will get saved. It looks like on 21 July 2009 I cut and pasted this -- I think from a quick email I sent with my cell phone to Leah while I was visiting my Grandparents for a while.

Thanks for the update. mx gpa apparently loves cranberry bagels. i did
some cleanup and gma joked that theyre raising my salary.then
corrected that theyre doubling my salary. then thex both chucled. xo

Translated:

My grandfather apparently loves cranberry bagels. I did some cleaning up around the house, just helping out a little, nothing major. My grandma joked that they're "raising my salary" -- and then corrected herself that they'd double my salary. Then both of them chuckled at their joke.

A nice moment, frozen in time.A trapped moment from July, 2009I'm married into a family of Latter-Day Saints, commonly known as Mormons, so when a person has that background comes into my other cultural interests I take note.

Elna Baker is a comedian and writer who was pretty fun. Worth a listen. I've embedded this audio interview below:

The Sound of Young AmericaElna Baker on The Sound of Young America

Back in December there was some pretty impressive weather around here. I had never seen a big rig truck downed by weather before. The traffic after it was scary. We're glad we weren't out in the weather when the snow came down so hard.

Downed big rig (from December 2009)Making the rounds:

explaining information architecture from Dan Klyn on Vimeo."Information Architecture" explainedWonderful.

People In Order: 1. Age from James Price on Vimeo.People ages 1 to 100You can read selected quotes below or simply click through to: On gospel, Abba and the death of the record: an audience with Brian Eno:

On the intensity of ideas:
"If you grow up in a very strong religion like Catholicism you certainly cultivate in yourself a certain taste for the intensity of ideas. You expect to be engaged with ideas strongly whether you are for or against them. If you are part of a religion that very strongly insists that you believe then to decide not to do that is quite a big hurdle to jump over. You never forget the thought process you went through. It becomes part of your whole intellectual picture."

On recording:
"As a listener who grew up listening to pop music I am interested in results. Pop is totally results-oriented and there is a very strong feedback loop. Did it work? No. We'll do it differently then. Did it sell? No. We'll do it differently then. So I wanted to bring the two sides together. I liked the processes and systems in the experimental world and the attitude to effect that there was in the pop, I wanted the ideas to be seductive but also the results."

On singing:
"I belong to a gospel choir. They know I am an atheist but they are very tolerant. Ultimately, the message of gospel music is that everything's going to be all right. If you listen to millions of gospel records  and I have  and try to distil what they all have in common it's a sense that somehow we can triumph. There could be many thousands of things. But the message well , there are two messages one is a kind of optimism for the future rather than a pessimism. Gospel music is never pessimistic, it's never 'oh my god, its all going down the tubes', like the blues often is. Gospel music is always about the possibility of transcendence, of things getting better. It's also about the loss of ego, that you will win through or get over things by losing yourself, becoming part of something better. Both those messages are completely universal and are nothing to do with religion or a particular religion. They're to do with basic human attitudes and you can have that attitude and therefore sing gospel even if you are not religious."

On instrumentalists:
"Instrumentalists build a rapport with their instruments which is what you like and respond to. If you were sitting down now to design an instrument you would not dream of coming up with something as ridiculous as an acoustic guitar. It's a strange instrument, it's very limited and it doesn't sound good. You would come up with something much better. But what we like about acoustic guitars is players who have had long relationships with them and know how to do something beautiful with them."

...
"I've fought for years the idea that rock and popular art is only about passion and fashion and nothing to do with thinking and examining and if you do think there is something suspicious about you."

On Abba:
"In the 70s, no one would admit that they liked Abba. Now it's fine. It's so kitsch. Kitsch is an excuse to defend the fact that they feel a common emotion. If it is kitsch. you put a sort of frame around something  to suggest you are being ironic. Actually, you aren't. You are really enjoying it. I like Abba. I did then and I didn't admit it. The snobbery of the time wouldn't allow it. I did admit it when I heard 'Fernando'; I could not bear to keep the secret to myself anymore and also because I think there is a difference between Swedish sentimentality and LA sentimentality because the Swedish are so restrained emotionally. When they get sentimental it's rather sweet and charming. What we really got me with "Fernando" was what the lower singer was doing, I don't know her name. I spent months trying to learn that. It's so obscure what she's doing and very hard to sing. And then from being a sceptic I went over the top in the other direction. I really fell for them."

On Frank Zappa:
"Zappa was important to me because I realised I didn't have to make music like he did. I might have made a lot of music like he did if he had not done it first and made me realise that I did not want to go there. I did not like his music but I am grateful that he did it. Sometimes you learn as much from the things you don't like as from the things you do like. The rejection side is as important as the endorsement part. You define who you are and where you are by the things that you know you are not. Sometimes that's all the information you have to go on. I'm not that kind of person. You don't quite know where you are but you find yourself in the space left behind by the things you've rejected."

On the end of an era
"I think records were just a little bubble through time and those who made a living from them for a while were lucky. There is no reason why anyone should have made so much money from selling records except that everything was right for this period of time. I always knew it would run out sooner or later. It couldn't last, and now it's running out. I don't particularly care that it is and like the way things are going. The record age was just a blip. It was a bit like if you had a source of whale blubber in the 1840s and it could be used as fuel. Before gas came along, if you traded in whale blubber, you were the richest man on Earth. Then gas came along and you'd be stuck with your whale blubber. Sorry mate  history's moving along. Recorded music equals whale blubber. Eventually, something else will replace it."

via Bruce SterlingBrian Eno, always interestingFor some cultural things I much prefer the journalism about a thing more than the thing itself. Sports is one area, for example, I really enjoy the reporting of Bob Costas and HBO's Real Sports show. Another area where the reportage gets more attention than the thing itself is in comics.

You may or may not know that in November I sold all my comics, cheap. Leah and I sold most everything, really. It was a relief to get rid of 200 pounds of paper I seldom ever read. As I regarded those comics one thing I noticed pained me slightly more was the comics journalism: particularly The Comics Journal. I had read TCJ for decades. It's an erudite magazine pointed at an often juvenile artform.

Recently, TCJ has increased their online presence. In particular I have enjoyed articles like: Brighter in Hindsight: Black Humor by Charles R. Johnson. It covers a comics artist, gag cartoonist really, who worked for black adult men's magazines in the 1970s. I had never heard of him or his work, but it sounds thoughtful, uncomfortable, and funny. Twilight is Manga made me chuckle at the fact that there was an antecedent for the "boyfriend falls in love with the offspring of would-be-girlfriend" aspect of the final Twilight book.

Over the years I've enjoyed detailed analyses and criticisms and highlights of great comics work. It pointed me to things I would not have purchased otherwise. I don't always agree with it, but it's a magazine that always made me think. I never subscribed, but I always enjoyed dropping into a comic book shop and seeing there were some interesting back issues, whether a month old or 2 years old, with interviews with artists and writers, creators and editors.

Online, it's worth checking out: http://www.tcj.com/.

Back in October Publishers Weekly's The Beat Blog wrote about TCJ's changes in format. That article is great because it highlights a very interesting change in strategy for TCJ. It will beef up the quality, size and format of the print issues, that is, more value for the dollar, but make fewer of them. Meanwhile, it's beefing up its online presence with more multimedia and articles online. It's remarkable because it seems so obvious -- play to the strengths of the medium you're working in. If you're in both, change it up and serve both, and better. I with other print publications were so smart.The Comics Journal: Online & OffIf you were interested in Proposition 8 court coverage from those working against Prop 8, you might check out: http://firedoglake.com/prop8trial/ and http://prop8trialtracker.com/.Prop 8 Trial CoverageWhile North America's airports groan under the weight of another sea-change in security protocols, one word keeps popping out of the mouths of experts: Israelification.

That is, how can we make our airports more like Israel's, which deal with far greater terror threats with far less inconvenience.

"It is mind boggling for us Israelis to look at what happens in North America, because we went through this 50 years ago," said Rafi Sela, the president of AR Challenges, a global transportation security consultancy. He has worked with the RCMP, the U.S. Navy Seals and airports around the world.

"Israelis, unlike Canadians and Americans, don't take s--- from anybody. When the security agency in Israel (the ISA) started to tighten security and we had to wait in line for  not for hours  but 30 or 40 minutes, all hell broke loose here. We said, `We're not going to do this. You're going to find a way that will take care of security without touching the efficiency of the airport.'"

Despite facing dozens of potential threats each day, the security set-up at Israel's largest hub, Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion International Airport, has not been breached since 2002, when a passenger mistakenly carried a handgun onto a flight. How do they manage that?

Read the whole thing:  What Israel can teach us about security: At Ben Gurion airport in Tel Aviv, screening is done in 30 minutes. The key? Look passengers in the eyeWhy can't American airport security be run more like Israeli?PADD = "PADD" is an acronym for Personal Access Display Device, a hand-held computer interface, used as early as the 22nd century and well into the 24th century.



Supposedly Apple Computer of Cupertino, California will be retconning the PADD in about an hour. I will defer to Jason Kottke on what the best sources of live information about this new PADD might be.Apple to retcon the PADDAltogether, Red Remover was pretty hard. If I finish a silly Flash game I don't necessarily take a screenshot, but this one was pretty darn hard.

I finished Red RemoverMy quote of the day, for February 3, 2010, was from Rob McNealy: Why I Am Running as a Libertarian for Colorados CD 6:

We hear every time the Republicans or Democrats lose the White House, that they need to rebuild the party, or that they need to take the party back. If the parties were doing the right thing to begin with, there would be no need to rebuild them. Over the last 100 plus years, regardless of the rhetoric, the parties have never been rebuilt into something that resembles a government that the Founding Fathers would feel comfortable with. Each election cycle, regardless of which party is in the White House, brings our Republic further and further away from the Constitution, and closer to some sort of statist or fascist government.

I am not capital "L" Libertarian, though I have been known to vote for folks other than "R" or "D" candidates (yes, I once voted for Ralph Nader). I appreciate the principled point of view of this McNealy fellow, and I wish him well.

I note that on his site he is using Facebook, flickr, linkedin, twitter, meetup, ustream, YouTube, MySpace, AddtoAny, and Google Calendar. That is a pretty complete array of social media and web tools for any business to be using. I'm heartened to see tools like these being used in such a smart way folks participating in the political process. This morning I did some snow shoveling and listened to podcasts. Several were about government, specifically "e-gov" initiatives. Now that Leah and I have moved to Virginia, we're that much closer to Washington, D.C.

Washington hosts some interesting tech and government events. The Gov 2.0 Expo is coming up in May, for example. There's a pretty good site for DC events: DC Tech Events.

Anyway, back to the podcasts. One of them was a conversation between John Culberson and Tim O'Reilly. It was fascinating to hear him speak about his experiences using everything from BBS's in 1987 to twitter in 2010 to go about his political life. I disagree with Culberson politically, I think on just about every current issue, but I agree completely with his usage of, and belief in freedom, open data, and daylight when it comes to how government operates. I found it inspiring and it's well worth a listen.

How did I get to my quote of the day? I got it via local blogger:  Stuart Bain, who is running for Congress here.

My snow shoveling was successful, though it appears I will not be running out of snow to shovel anytime soon.Quote of the Day, E-Government, Snow ShovelingA lot.



It caused the event I was going to go to: NC jQuery Camp, to get postponed till later in February. I'm still looking forward to a North Carolina adventure in coding.

So we were snowed in Saturday, except for some preliminary snow shoveling I did. Today, Sunday started at 5am and I went to pick up my dad from the airport. His flight was canceled for Saturday night, so he and his ski club took a van from Atlanta, and so I trekked over mostly cleared-ish roads in 5&degree;F weather. It was thankfully uneventful. The rest of today was shoveling snow, with a bit of email and lots of podcasts. I actually have a whole other post where I talk about shoveling snow in draft mode. So forgive me if the next post also features snow shoveling. It's a workout.

And thus endeth this post.Snowed yesterdayThis is a reply to @leahpeah's tweet: Could you please fill in the last part of the sentence? Creativity is.....?:

Here's what other people are thinking as of today, says google:

creativity is... (according to google)I have now looked at everything on the (not-safe-for-work named) blank yeah liz lemon. I was laughing maniacally at this site. Why? I don't know, it's not like I've not seen the images and heard the lines spoken, still, I laughed.

Two selections, they may not make you laugh if you don't watch the show, sorry about that. If you have Netflix, you can watch the first 3 seasons on demand. You can watch more recent episodes, with commercials, online if you want:



Liz Lemon: You take a hot dog.
Stuff it with some Jack cheese
Fold it in a pizza
(with air guitar) You got Cheesy Blasters!
Liz Lemon: And all the kids say, "Thanks Meat Cat!" And Meat Cat flies away on his, um, skateboard.




Dr. Leo Spaceman (pronounced "spah-cheh-men"): If you want a shot youre gonna have to dance for it.
(Liz dances)
Dr. Leo Spaceman: Very nice.

30 Rock Appreciation

Thats trouble of some kind George.

Challenger Explosion amateur video footage.

Still breaks my heart.Thats trouble of some kind George.Leah, I think you will like this one.

TED TALK: Tom ShannonI have no presumptions about how many folks in Southwest Virginia are JavaScript programmers and jQuery fans, but given the nice interface jQuery has given for meetups (they are using ning under the hood), I thought I'd set up a meetup for Roanoke / Blacksburg / New River Valley folks who program in JavaScript.



If you're interested, sign up at http://meetups.jquery.com/group/southwestvirginia and this will happen sooner rather than later!
jQuery Southwest Virginia

It's been about a year since I have been on Stack Overflow. Stack Overflow is a site for computer programmers of all skill levels to ask and answer questions. It works pretty great, and I have gotten some good answers there.

Stack Overflow uses a point system to measure reputation as a number. It also awards "badges" for certain criteria.


Reputation is a (very) rough measurement of how much the Stack Overflow community trusts you. Reputation is never given, it is earned by convincing other Stack Overflow users that you know what you're talking about.

Here's how it works: if you post a good question or helpful answer, it will be voted up by your peers: you gain 10 reputation points. If you post something that's off topic or incorrect, it will be voted down: you lose 2 reputation points. You can earn up to 200 reputation per day, but no more. (Note that votes for any posts marked "community wiki" do not generate reputation.)


Compare with how XBox Gamerscores work:

Your gamerscore is made up of all of the points you earn for earning achievements in Xbox 360 and Xbox Live Arcade games. Each achievement has a certain number of points associated with it so your gamerscore is a way to show other people what games you have played and what you have accomplished. Each 360 game has around 1000 points to earn while arcade games have 200.


I think it's an effective lubricant to participation, and a pretty good way to slowly give users more capabilities on a website.

If you do any programming, and have never been to Stack Overflow, I would be interested in your first impressions of the site.Stack Overflow ReputationFor Leah:



image via thisisnthappinessHappy Valentine's Day!Sometimes, drafts of posts sit in "draft" mode for a long time. I drafted this in August of 2008, a year and a half ago. I'm updating it as best I can and pushing it out into the world.

For the past two years, my wife Leah has attended the main BlogHer Conference.

The first time she came back, she was utterly exhausted, physically and emotionally. After the 2006 one, she vowed not to do any panels or interviewing because they are just too tiring. She also wanted me to come along. It turns out I am helpful to her when she's riding the whirlwind like this. That's fair, because I get the same sustenance from her. When 2007 came around, we were not financially fit enough for me to come along to Chicago, so she went alone, and was again completely spent at the end of it.

But 2008 was different. We'd paid off much more debt, had some emergency savings (though not much) and the conference was in San Francisco, so we could drive. We decided on it and when July came around it really looked like both of us could go.

So I went. I got the "cocktail party-only" registration. She attended both the panels and the cocktail parties, but was not doing a panel or minding Amy Sedaris. I had a great time meeting people, but my emphasis was really on exploring San Francisco as lazily as possible. In this lazy jaunting, I was successful. I met cool people galore. Much more happened than I can hope to relate, but here's a shot.

We started for San Francisco on a Thursday. Of course, as has been the trend that Summer, the air conditioner broke and so we were delayed waiting for the repairman. We had intended to leave in the morning but ended up leaving after noon.

We got to San Francisco and the Westin St. Francis on Union Square before the introductory cocktail parties started. We were on time despite having been delayed.

I enjoyed the drive. We drove north on the 5 Freeway, which is inland. Most people love to drive along the coast, and I do love the Pacific. But the inland route was beautiful. I cannot quite put my finger on why I got choked up after dropping down into the San Joaquin Valley and getting through the Grapevine. What I twittered was: "Fresno county. There's nothing here, but I find it beautiful. Leah finds it unremarkable. Not sure what my strong emotional reaction's about" -- and Doug Welch replied on Friendfeed: "For me, it is the simple relief from the "crush" of the city. Open space is a balm for the soul."

That may have been part of it. I respond to water--The Mighty Pacific--that way. I can get the same relief from swimming though, even with the big city about. I wonder if the past two decades has short circuited my sense of patriotism, and my psyche is compensating by becoming patriotic for the idea of California. It's often said, usually by Californians, that if California were an independent nation, we'd be the the seventh largest economy in the world. I wonder if California is a suitable patriotism substitute.

...

So we checked in at the Westin. Almost immediately Leah started running into people she knows or blogs with or reads and it was a bit like me at a WebSanDiego event in 2003. Everyone knew her. They were delighted to see her. I was "an appendage" but I felt very welcomed. BlogHer is super-social, and the hotel was filled with women connecting and reconnecting.

And that's pretty much where I ran out of steam. From there it is all a blur of people and places.

Some highlights, at random.

I met some really cool people: Oh, The Joys is a blogger from Georgia. She's a great conversationalist and we talked about blogging, blog comments, and how intensely folks can ascribe meaning to who is or isn't commenting at any one time. Here in 2010, I'm just happy I get to read her blog.

Avocado8 I met at some mixer thing, and we immediately could talk JavaScript and web development. She also has bitchin' hair, which Leah wanted a photo of so she could have her hairdresser try it out. It was tricky, because it was pretty dark inside that first mixer location.



Abigail, from OC, I already knew but I really enjoyed her company. I think we all shared a packed cab on the way to the Mighty Haus party at Adaptive Path. She was pretty great at adding to the whiteboard when I started an impromptu "exquisite corpse." Actually, the MH party was good all around, there was also dancing and music and lots of great conversations. I remember talking to blurbomat about theoretical "Black Hat BlogHim" topics. We cracked each other up with jokes like that. Well, I was cracked up, perhaps Jon was humoring me. You can also check out his Thoughts on BlogHer 2008, where he talks about much deeper things than I realized he had going on when I saw him. It's a worthy read.

Here's a photo of part of the exquisite corpse whiteboard:



Whoorl was charming and funny. I can't remember if I had already met her in SoCal or not, but her blog is also worth reading. Great stuff. I also got to meet Uppercase Woman, who was really cool as well. I can't remember if she was at that first Mixer or the MightyHaus event though. Sorry about that.

Oh, and Ingrid. I worked with Ingrid in San Diego and it was awesome to see her. She's a great person, a great developer, and a great manager. Definitely one of the nicest people I've ever met. She lives in Boulder now.

Also from Boulder was Andrew Hyde, a very interesting cat and man-about-web--he was along at a breakfast we went to down near where Al Abut lives. I forget the area, but it was pretty good.

I also got to have lunch with Paulo at Il Palio, and it was great. It was great catching back up with him. I knew him from the very earliest days of websandiego, I want to say about 2001 or 2002. He was always partly NoCal and SoCal, but he tears it up in web development up there.

So I explored San Francisco when we weren't socializing. I went lots of places, on foot or on the bus. It was a fun adventure, and I even took a few photos.

Isotope Comics was by far the best comic  book store I had ever been in. I was turned onto Scott Pilgrim there, and for that I am eternally grateful to James Sime, the larger-than-life proprietor. I still follow him on twitter, where his bio currently reads:

Life devourer. Culture monger. Suit addict. And owner of SF's Isotope - the comic book lounge.

That dude is cool.

I also went to Action Figure Freddy, which apparently has now closed. I took this shot of the giant, sexy, anime-style Princess Leia in the window.



Also, there's also a great bookstore: Bibliohead. And landmarks Coit Tower and  Lombard Street. I took a lot of photos of the Coit Tower Murals and did mention them before. I also took the Muni partly to get around. It was fun to explore on foot. Driving in San Francisco is a bit of a pain. Well, the driving is actually fun, but the parking is a bitch. Another thing I did was go see the recently released Dark Knight at Metreon, which was cool, but not as cool as the name might imply. Across town, I ate at Lou's Pier 47. Great cajun food, and some live music too.

There was even more. It's a pity I didn't get to do everything in the excellent suggestions my blog commenters had. But I had a wonderful time, regardless.San Francisco, BlogHer, and Me

On Saturday, December 13, 2008, I had the pleasure to see Zappa Plays Zappa. I failed to write extensively about it, I only mentioned it. I had a wonderful time.

You can see other writings where I mention Mr. Zappa by viewing blog posts tagged "frank-zappa".

And of course there is my old short piece I am a Frank Zappa fan.

I will say the performance of the epic, wonderful, funny, silly, Billy The Mountain had me weeping about the fact that I never saw Frank Zappa perform live.

You can see ZPZ if you want, or check out some video snippets and related material. There's a video you can buy of course, but see it live if you can.

I would also be remiss if I didn't mention my favorite Zappa blogger and twitterer: Kill Ugly Radio &middot; @killuglyradio.Zappa Plays Zappa

Capricorn One is a favorite movie of mine. If it's on TV, particularly if it's on widescreen, I can scarcely avoid it.

It came out in 1978. I saw it the year it came out. It left a big impression on me.

Part of my fascination was that there can be things that are stated are true that are not.

Part of it is how resourceful, brave people can beat the odds if they try really hard, but that sometimes those same people end up getting killed for it.

Also, that if you're in the desert you can kill a snake and eat it raw.

And that you could fake a landing on Mars, almost.

And that it takes weeks to get to Mars.

The film features a cast of characters of well known folks: Elliot Gould (a family favorite is the chilling Silent Partner, and he's great in M*A*S*H. I think the coat he wears inspired my high school self a bit. Sam Watterson (years before Law & Order), OJ Simpson and Brenda Vacarro are all good. Also James Brolin: I was told I looked like him once--I think it was that I had a full beard at the time. Hal Holbrook, who I would see 22 years later in Mark Twain Tonight is really great as a man responsible for a giant lie. Holbrook makes you believe that there's a righteous case to be made for lying to the American people.

For an alternative view, check out this negative review.  The Space Review has a more nuanced view, thankfully we have not had to endure the remake that film refers to. Here's what it has to say about what sparked the thought of the film:

Capricorn One is the kind of movie that can only be fully appreciated if you consider the period that it was made, most notably in the years following both Vietnam and Watergate. Peter Hyams had worked as a reporter in Vietnam, where he became convinced that the government could conceal a great big lie if top officials wanted to do so. After all, Nixon had waged his secret war in Cambodia. Later revelations, such as the Church and Pike congressional investigations that revealed CIA plots to overthrow governments and kill Castro with exploding cigars and poisoned wetsuits, only added to anti-government paranoia. The movie reflects not only distrust of government, but also features the crusading reporter as hero; All the Presidents Men, about Woodward and Bernstein and Watergate, had already been a hit movie two years earlier.

If you haven't seen it, it's worth a viewing.Capricorn One

I'm playing with a new theme for my blog, and wanted a better way to let people quickly scan for how many posts I had. So I used a background image of black, offset with background-position in css to let a graph "show through" to show the count.

I've also posted the PHP and CSS code for WordPress to make this work: http://gist.github.com/artlung/304290

It looks better larger: http://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/4356884087/sizes/o/
WordPress Graphical Post Count VisualizationAs I mentioned, I'm playing with the blog theme, including the archive footer. Things may look a little odd, or error, in the interim. I hope not much. Pardon my dust.

Clearly, it's time for an animated under construction sign (warning, your eyes may be repulsed by that page full of old animated GIFs):



And yes, that second GIF features "Duke" the Java language mascot.

Pardon my dust. Plus, ancient "under construction" GIFs.So I mentioned working on my blog theme today, and rejiggering my archive pages, for example December 2002. I'm liking looking at each month and year's posts sequentially.

It has given me a chance to revisit some old posts, for example: Back in the saddle again. In it, I talk about a bunch of things, my divorce, and I link to a (now dead site) which showcased people's working areas, including mine. I found the photo in the excellent web archive.



I posted it because my friend Erin had moved in and made that workspace no longer my workspace.

Strange to see it, and think about how long ago that was.Revisiting my workspace from 2002.Last night I was giddy with happiness to find my missing audioblogger.com posts (all 8 of them) on web.archive.org.

I had all but given up on ever finding these old files. If I recall, the features of Audioblogger were provided free to users of Blogger.

I am quite sentimental about the posts from December 2004, as they document Leah's and my marriage.

It looks like Audioblogger (or was it called simply Audblog?, when did the name change?) became part of Odeo. This description of Odeo on wikipedia seems wrong to me, but I'm not sure:

Odeo was originally developed by founders Noah Glass and Evan Williams, who were previously founders of Audioblog and Pyra Labs respectively, and received funding from Charles River Ventures. Subsequently, Williams bought out Charles River's interest in the company, as well as several other investors, and reformed the organization under a new company, Obvious Corp, which planned to develop new products, including Twitter.

Twitter I'm guessing you've heard of. There's a post on Metafilter announcing "audioBLOGGER" from February 27, 2003. Audioblogger closed November 1, 2006, according to BoingBoing. I remember hearing about this and I recovered the files, but never put them somewhere permanent for myself. So how did I find them? I looked up the full url on web.archive.org, like this:

http://www.audioblogger.com/media/25807/126047.mp3

Yielding:

http://web.archive.org/web/*/http://www.audioblogger.com/media/25807/126047.mp3

So I took advantage, and all the 8 files I lost were found. I wonder when these files went back online? I did a quick twitter search for mentions and found this post:

vbspurs: This was the link to the Audioblogger link of me talking: http://www.audioblogger.com/media/44943/135223.mp3 Doesn't work, at least not at the mo'.

I tried my guess that many might be online and then--success!--I was listening to a file from a random twitter stranger, but from 2005:

http://web.archive.org/web/*/http://www.audioblogger.com/media/44943/135223.mp3

I have checked periodically over the years and never had success. Are all the files that were once lost on audioblogger.com now found via web.archive.org? When did this happen?
Audioblogger.com posts recovered.The other day the super-cool Pinguino was asking about the effect you get when an image does not download properly.

I had wondered about it before, so I opened some images, tore out a big chunk of the underlying data, and looked at them. The first is what it looks like when a GIF is torn apart, and the second is what happens when it happens to a JPG.

It's a neat effect.


Playing around with deformed images Today's comic from Liz Prince is adorable.

No, really, ADORABLE.

Have you clicked through yet? Because it's really adorable.

Seriously, click.
Liz Prince(title of this post modeled on "On the internet, nobody knows you're a dog.")

Puzzle & Processing maven Jim Bumgardner had quite a week! In his post Mayor of the North Pole today he detailed the shenanigans he got into playing with Foursquare, The Foursquare API, and curl. I saw him speak at BarCampLA 7 in May last year, and he is inventive, smart, and witty.

I was thinking about sending false data to Foursquare after I did my first checkin today at The Mojo Cafe here in Roanoke.  I was struggling to make FoursquareX work on my laptop. I don't currently have an iPhone, Android, or other smartphone, so I had to text "@ The Mojo Cafe" to 50500. That was it. Soon enough I got a reply to my phone saying:

"OK! We've got you at The Mojo Cafe.(+6 pts!) You've also unlocked the newbie badge!

I wondered if anything would keep me from checking in from the gas station down the block, or someplace in Africa? I was not sending any geodata, I didn't think an SMS would carry any location or closest cell tower data to 50500. They trusted me.

I wonder if Dodgeball dealt with "fibbing" checkins and if so, how did they deal with it? How about Brightkite? How about FireEagle?

Marketers love Foursquare. For example: Restaurants should use Foursquare for Marketing and Foursquare's plan to rule local advertising. Bumgardner addresses this:

More generally, I think the combination of a poorly moderated and insecure folksonomy with incentives (e.g. badges, mayorships, free meals, etc.) is a fragile one. The greater the incentives, the greater the motivation for cheating.

As it stands right now, foursquare has quite a few holes. If I were a restaurateur or coffee shop owner, I would be very wary of giving free meals or lattes to foursquare mayors, unless the employees know the mayor by sight.


I think the UI of the Foursquare apps thus far has cut down on bad data. They also let you define private spots for just you and your friends. As I understand it, the official Foursquare mobile apps attempt to locate you using GPS; in this way they limit the possibility of choosing false venues.. This limits most people's ability to game the system. API calls and text message checkins subvert that aspect of the UI. This is an interesting problem and I wonder how it'll get resolved.

The other aspect of the system that I think must prevent some abuse is "fair play." I think it would be less satisfying, as far as a game goes, to win a Mayorship by cheating the system. Nicole Lazzaro's The 4 Fun Keys talks about the emotion of "fiero"--the feeling you get when you succeed at something difficult--it's a kind of exhilaration. I suspect cheating would take away some of that "game" aspect of "playing" Foursquare. But I suppose cheating it would be yet another kind of game. Why not check in at Brigadoon or Atlantis or R'lyeh for the fun of it? A different kind of fun, but fun. It reminds me of the "Fakester Purge," which was when Friendster deleted accounts of "fictional characters." Will Foursquare struggle in a similar way?

The other day I wrote about Stack Overflow's game-like aspects. Gamasutra also recently wrote about Foursquare in that context, see page 2 for the good bits about the theory of Foursquare.



I wonder what all this means for location-based services. Could apps be forced to go through extra authentication? If you lack GPS data, how can you verify someone is where she claims she is? And if you can't eliminate unverified data, how well can you mitigate against its effects?

Also: I welcome folks more familiar with Foursquare and other location based services to correct me on details I may have gotten wrong.On Foursquare, nobody knows if you're in the North Pole.I had a lot of fun at Durham's "NC JavaScript & jQuery Camp" today. Lots of driving, but even more learning and connection-making.

I was particularly happy to create my first &lt;canvas&gt; drawing from watching @miketaylr's slides on HTML5. Here's the source:

&lt;html&gt;
&lt;head&gt;
&lt;script&gt;
window.onload = function() {
var ctx = document.querySelector(&#039;#c&#039;).getContext(&#039;2d&#039;);
ctx.lineWidth = 20;
ctx.lineCap = &#039;square&#039;;
ctx.lineJoin = &#039;round&#039;;
ctx.strokeStyle = &#039;#c9f&#039;; // &#039;rgb(247, 63,20)&#039;;
ctx.strokeRect(10,10,346,230);
}
&lt;/script&gt;
&lt;body&gt;
&lt;canvas id=&quot;c&quot; height=400 width=400&gt;&lt;/canvas&gt;
&lt;/body&gt;
&lt;/html&gt;

I turned it into a gist too: http://gist.github.com/309748

I'm impressed with github for code sharing.

Also, there were open slots and I decided to present a little bit on my moribund ArtLung Rosetta project. Also on GitHub. It wasn't well attended, but @jsmag attended and had great questions and ideas, and also, Peter Higgins of Dojo dropped in and had suggestions as well, particularly to look at the cross-platform code run in TaskSpeed, which specifically compares the performance of code to do similar tasks. The code was presented by original framework developers so it's idiomatic and theoretically the best it could be. I in no way planned to present, but when there were slots I figured I take a shot for some constructive feedback.

Here are the slides I whipped together in 10 minutes using OpenOffice:

ArtLung Rosetta Presentation for NC JQuery &amp; JavaScript Camp

The pushback that is a great idea would be side-by side comparisons of controls such as accordions, messagepanes, tabs, etc, compared between higher level frameworks, as opposed to the libraries which concern me in Rosetta. I'm thinking of YUI,  jQueryUI, ExtJS, etc.

We're really experiencing a renaissance of JavaScript libraries and tools. It's a great time to be a JavaScript developer.

As for Durham / "The Triangle" -- there's clearly enthusiasm and activity there for events and people doing interesting work. I would never have found this event, though, if I had not made an effort to put together my  Roanoke Web Tech Efforts. The drive down was three hours fifteen minutes, but none of it was stop-and-go traffic. So in that sense, better than Southern California. I actually got a chance to listen to an episode of yayQuery, a podcast which features some of the folks that attended, and one who was the main organizer, of today's event, Rebecca Murphey. The podcast has a high-level of silliness, but there's a fair amount of good jQuery content embedded in the rainbows and unicorns too.

Oh! Also, I got a copy of JSMag, which provided free issues to attendees. I've only skimmed it but will be taking a look at it this week.

That's all, I'm exhausted.NC JavaScript & jQuery CampDesigner, cartoonist, cool person Pinguino made a dress out of duct tape. That is awesome.



More photos.Pinguino made a duct tape dress

Excellent photo of Leah by chookooloonks the beautiful faces of mom 2.0. It sounds like Leah had a good time at Mom 2.0 SummitLeahpeah Photo by ChookooloonksBack in 2002 I ripped some audiotapes I had of two stories told by Larry King. I said:
...some Larry King stories I had taped from his old Mutual radio show back in 1986 -- The famed "Carvelle Story" and "Moppo Story" -- very funny stuff
I had been reluctant to post them out of fears about bandwidth and copyright rules, but since my efforts over the years to contact Larry King and ask permission have proved fruitless, and since I will gladly take them down if asked nicely by the real copyright owner, I decided to go ahead.

And so, originally recorded by me back in 1986 from the radio, from Larry King's old Mutual Radio Network radio show, are not just two but three stories: The Moppo Story, the Carvelle Story, and a story about a lady caller: My favorite is probably the Carvelle story because it brings to mind my own adventures driving long distances for a not-particularly good reason back when I was a teenager.

The Carvelle Story

http://files.artlung.com/artlung.com/larry-king/Carvelle%20Story.mp3

The Moppo Story

http://files.artlung.com/artlung.com/larry-king/Moppo%20Story.mp3

Lady Caller Story

http://files.artlung.com/artlung.com/larry-king/Lady%20Caller%20Story.mp3

I hope you enjoy these stories. I used to love listening to Larry King's radio show and these days wish I had recorded more of it. I remember listening to musicians, politicians, artists. I'm pretty sure the first time I heard Frank Zappa it was on Larry King. Fun fact, you can hear a bit of his show at the very beginning of the Albert Brooks film Lost In America.Larry King: Carvelle Story, Moppo StoryI did a bit of website work for Enact Partners, and these changes are now live. I did a basic refurbishment of their site with an emphasis on making it more visible in search engines.

The technical problem was that all of the text of the site was hidden as images. Without "alt" attributes an image is invisible to Google and other search engines. Google has advice about using images and alt text.

I also added a robots.txt file and an XML sitemap. I had to modify my usual PHP sitemap code as the site is running PHP with some extra security settings (particularly, the file() function is disabled.

I got the XHTML and CSS to validate, always a good thing. I like how speedy the site is compared to previously.

Enact Partners Website RefurbishI have written about my Mom and her struggle with cancer before, starting in 2007: here and here and here and here and here and here.

Here we are, in 2010, two and a half years later and my Mom keeps moving forward. All the energy on display in those prior blog posts is there pretty much all the time. She's a whirling dervish of activity. She plays bridge, she learns mahjong, she lunches, she goes to Adoration. She seems to know everyone and everyone seems to know her.

Leah and I are here day in and day out, now. While Mom has her ups and downs, she manages to keep her sun-shiny attitude pretty well intact. She's happier and more fully actualized than most people I know.



I've not written anything about how she's doing. Her regimen for many many months has been to take the drug Sutent for two weeks on, one week off. It takes a toll--sometimes she can't complete a full 14 day cycle before taking a break. It seems to be working though, we think it's the Sutent that shrinks the existing tumors.

She came back from her main cancer doc today, and it looks like it's time for more radiation. The most recent MRI and CT scans showed some new growths, but also shrinkages of the existing growths, in both her brain and lungs. The new growths are in bad enough spots that her main doctor seems to think it's time to do Gamma Knife again. That means a trip to Pittsburgh.

It's frustrating how relentless cancer is. It simply will not sleep and my Mom is doing a pretty great job battling it. She watches what she eats--she tried being vegan and vegetarian for a while--with mixed results. She continues to moderate her diet and habits to try and stay healthy. She's gotten lucky. Some would say that prayer has played a big role. She certainly has many people praying for her: Catholic, Christian, New Age, Jewish, Agnostic, Mormon, and even Atheists. (Probably more than that even). Her prognosis is mixed, Stage IV is plenty serious.

I'm really glad Leah and I decided to stay here in Roanoke for a while. It's been a great chance for me and leah to get to know my folks better. It seems for about 15 years I have only seen them maybe 4 or 5 days a year.

I don't have an ending for this post, that's the update. Despite the title being "Stupid Relentless Cancer" -- I don't think cancer is an irresistible force. And if it is, I think my Mom might be an immovable object. So the outcome is not predetermined.Stupid Relentless CancerMaking the rounds today is a talk by Jesse Schell, of Schell Games who is an instructor at the Entertainment Technology Center at Carnegie Mellon University. He also has a blog called Things I Finished.

His talk is full of insights that are very vivid. Here is the video of his talk from DICE, and the slide deck.





Jesse Schell: Beyond FacebookDon't Forget Your Old Shipmates:


Safe and sound at home again, let the waters roar, Jack.
Safe and sound at home again, let the waters roar, Jack.
Long we've tossed on the rolling main, now we're safe ashore, Jack.
Don't forget yer old shipmates, faldee raldee raldee raldee rye-eye-doe!
We have worked the self-same gun, quarterdeck division.
Sponger I and loader you, through the whole commission.
Long we've tossed on the rolling main, now we're safe ashore, Jack.
Don't forget yer old shipmates, faldee raldee raldee raldee rye-eye-doe!


via Master & Commander: The Far Side of the World

Quote of the Day:

Capt. Jack Aubrey: Do you want to see a guillotine in Piccadilly?
Crew: No!
Capt. Jack Aubrey: Want to call that raggedy-ass Napoleon your king?
Crew: No!
Capt. Jack Aubrey: You want your children to sing the "La Marseillaise?"
Crew: NO! Lyrics of the Day; Dialogue of the DayI have not used it. This movie encapsulates why Chatroulette is cool, and also why I probably won't ever use it. Waxy pointed to this video first, I think. Danah Boyd writes about what is extraordinary about the Chatroulette. There are a few curse words in the video.

A Movie About ChatrouletteIn this post from 8 years ago, I mention Paul M Bowers, a photographer that was around the corner from us at AVENCOM in San Diego. He took many of our photos.

I thought I'd check out his site, http://www.paulmbowers.com/, and see how it had changed. I'm actually sort of delighted that it is the same as it was. It's a pretty good looking site, and works pretty well. The design of this site was mostly mine. I think he came to us with a static image of the top part of the site (the 4 top images) and I was tasked with making it "active" using "DHTML" -- which is a fancy way of saying I added JavaScript and animated GIFs.



The JavaScript, while being 8 years old, is actually not all that bad. I think, no, I'm pretty much sure, I could write it in about a quarter of the amount of code.



function WM_preloadImages() {

// WM_preloadImages()
// LOADS IMAGES INTO THE BROWSER'S CACHE FOR LATER USE.
// Usage: WM_preloadImages('image 1 URL', 'image 2 URL', 'image 3 URL', ...);

// DON'T BOTHER IF THERE'S NO DOCUMENT.IMAGES
if (document.images) {
  if (typeof(document.WM) == 'undefined'){
    document.WM = new Object();
  }
  document.WM.loadedImages = new Array();
  // LOOP THROUGH ALL THE ARGUMENTS.
  var argLength = WM_preloadImages.arguments.length;
  for(arg=0;arg array_control-1)
  {w=0} else {w=w+1};
if ((x+1) > array_control-1)
  {x=0} else {x=x+1};
if ((y+1) > control_array-1)
  {y=0} else {y=y+1};
if ((z+1) > control_array-1)
  {z=0} else {z=z+1};

// then we do it again, because
// we want to change two at a time
if ((w+1) > array_control-1)
  {w=0} else {w=w+1};
if ((x+1) > array_control-1)
  {x=0} else {x=x+1};
if ((y+1) > control_array-1)
  {y=0} else {y=y+1};
if ((z+1) > control_array-1)
  {z=0} else {z=z+1};

  // now, we do the four rollovers!
  avencomRollover('picture1',i1[w]);
  avencomRollover('picture2',i1[x]);
  avencomRollover('picture3',i2[y]);
  avencomRollover('picture4',i2[z]);

  rotateText();

  temp[0]=i1[0];
  temp[1]=i1[1];
  pmet[0]=i2[0];
  pmet[1]=i2[1];

  i1[0]=temp[1];
  i1[1]=temp[0];
  i2[0]=pmet[1];
  i2[1]=pmet[0];

  // time to change the four links!
  avencomChangeLink(0,L1[w]);
  avencomChangeLink(1,L1[x]);
  avencomChangeLink(3,L2[y]);
  avencomChangeLink(4,L2[z]);

  temp[0]=L1[0];
  temp[1]=L1[1];
  pmet[0]=L2[0];
  pmet[1]=L2[1];

  L1[0]=temp[1];
  L1[1]=temp[0];
  L2[0]=pmet[1];
  L2[1]=pmet[0];

}

function initiateLinks() {
avencomChangeLink(0,L1[1]);
avencomChangeLink(1,L1[0]);
avencomChangeLink(3,L2[1]);
avencomChangeLink(4,L2[0]);

avencomRollover('picture1',i1[1]);
avencomRollover('picture2',i1[0]);
avencomRollover('picture3',i2[1]);
avencomRollover('picture4',i2[0]);

rotateText();

}



I am very pleased that it all seems to work correctly, still, in Firefox, Safari, and Chrome.

I'm further very proud of the "See Me" and "Touch Me" icons I made using Illustrator and PhotoShop.

His photos are great too, though I bet he has newer ones now. :-)
Paul M BowersIt's about the people and relationships first, technology second:

I think one of the reasons why such connecting technologies get underappreciated or underused is that we manage to cast the whole process as some revolutionary new mode of behavior, when it's not. The same interpersonal skills apply, it's merely the scope and speed that changes.

I learned that on the blog: you don't adapt yourself to the medium, you adapt the medium to yourself, because nothing else really works and the creation of false fronts loses out over the long term to authenticity in all its glorious forms.

From If the Internet doesn't change the way our minds think, then why do we assume social networks change the way we communicate?, responding to A world of connections: Online social networks are changing the way people communicate, work and play, and mostly for the better, says Martin Giles, in The Economist.TPM Barnett on social networking technologyI don't have a scale handy that is capable of giving my weight, but I'm skeptical about whether that number is meaningful anyway.

What is meaningful is the amount of belt I could be using. It looks like about 6 inches (a little more than 15 cm) of loss on my waist in the past year or so.



MAS, has a post about his skepticism of Body Mass Index. Hugh Jackman and Mike Tyson at his peak would measure as "Obese" according to the BMI, basically. In that post he cites The Frankie Method for measuring leanness. Frankie was a trainer at a former gym of MAS, and his measure was: "Can you see your abs?  If no, then you are too fat." My answer to that is still no, but I can see the outlines of where they will be.

I made a diagram:



Measuring weight loss with a belt

The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel.

(image via suddenly and crossposted to Nueva Ciudad)The Sky Above The PortI'm an expert now at migrating old Blogger Blogs.

Google, the owner of Blogger, has decided to shut off FTP posting, which has left many people stranded. They could have improved their algorithms, instead, things are shut off.

I am now a reluctant expert at migrating Blogger blogs to WordPress. If you have a more "modern" style Blogger blog, it's very easy to import directly from Blogger using the XMLRPC way. Just navigate to Tools &rarr; Import Blogger:



Then authorize Blogger via Google:



And voila, you have access to your Blogger Blog, assuming it's supported.



BUT IF IT FAILS, YOU NEED A PLAN B

But if it fails, as it does for some folks with older blogs, then you must try the long route. Comments and corrections are welcome on this post. Please feel free to spread the word about this post to those left hanging by Blogger.

Step 1: Export your blog to XML from inside Blogger.

You must be an administrator on the blog to have this option. While logged into Blogger, visit your Blogger Dashboard and choose settings:



Step 2: Choose "Export":



Step 3: Click "Download Blog":



The file produced is a in a special Blogger export xml format. It will be named like blog-03-02-2010.xml. This file should contain all your posts and comments. It will not contain the images you use on your blog. If you host on your own server via FTP though, you should have all those old images.

Step 4: Convert your Blogger XML to WordPress XML (WXR Format):

But WordPress can't import this file format, first you must convert the file to the WordPress compatible WXR format. You can use the blogger2wordpress online tool: http://blogger2wordpress.appspot.com/ to do this:



Step 4a. (If online conversion from Blogger XML to WordPress XML fails):
Caveat: if your blog is too large, this may time out or fail. If that's the case, you need to download the command line version of the tool and run it locally. The project is Google Blog Converters. Download the file google-blog-converters-r79.tar.gz(as of this writing it's at version 79, that number may change).

Under MacOS, this .gz file should automatically gunzip itself and leave you with a file named google-blog-converters-r79.tar. My downloads go to a directory called Downloads in my home directory, so where I'm working is /Users/artlung/Downloads. I untar the file by double-clicking on the file in Finder or if I'm already on the command line by running tar xvf google-blog-converters-r79.tar and get a directory called google-blog-converters-r79.

Step 4.b: Open Terminal, and run:

cd Downloads

ls

You should see:

blog-03-02-2010.xml
google-blog-converters-r79

Now it's time to run the conversion:

google-blog-converters-r79/bin/blogger2wordpress.sh blog-03-02-2010.xml > wordpress-blog-03-02-2010.xml

Assuming the conversion worked, ls should now show the following files in your Downloads directory.

blog-03-02-2010.xml
google-blog-converters-r79
wordpress-blog-03-02-2010.xml

That XML conversion is the hard part. I've not had it fail on me doing it that way, but if it is, you may want to check the README.txt file distributed with the blog converters tool.

Step 5: Import WordPress to WordPress:

This is covered pretty well in the document Importing Content: WordPress on the WordPress site.

Step 5a: If the file fails to import because it's too large:

If the file is too large, then you can try overriding the various file upload limits under PHP, and WordPress: How to Import a Large Wordpress XML File and Override the Default Limits

Basically:

php_value upload_max_filesize 32M
php_value post_max_size 32M

Read more about these PHP settings (which override the settings in php.ini.

You can also try setting the max limit constant in your wp-config.php file, just add this line:


/** Increase max upload limit */
define('WP_MEMORY_LIMIT', '32MB');


But I've had mixed success getting a shared server to respect these various limits. So, yes, here's another step. Ugh. I know this is ugly.

Step 5b: Remove extra whitespace:

If, and only if your XML file is almost small enough to fit, you can remove the leading whitespace from the XML file. Basically under an editor like TextMate you can do a search for ^ + and replace with nothing to remove the leading spaces.

But that may not help enough. In which case it's much uglier still.

Step 5c: Break up the XML file into segments small enough to fit on upload:

Really, WordPress should support importing a file you can FTP into its upload space, but I can't find a tool or hack that allows for that.

Anyway, the wordpress-blog-03-02-2010.xml we have can be broken up. To do this you need to edit the text file (XML is just a text file). The way I did it was to make multiple copies of it, named like this:

wordpress-blog-posts-0001-0075.xml
wordpress-blog-posts-0076-0150.xml
wordpress-blog-posts-0151-0230.xml

The nice thing is that for each  element in the WordPress WXR file, there is an element named 1. The numbering starts at 1 and in my example goes to 230. So remove everything between and including  ...  for the numbers not in the filename, and resave each file. So in the first example I removed 's with wp:post_id values greater than or equal to 76.

Assuming each file is under your upload limit, each one can be uploaded the normal way in the WordPress Dashboard:  Tools &rarr; Import &rarr; WordPress. If the files are still too large, you will have to break them up further. Be cautious with the formatting in the XML or you will lose posts.



Now, this does not cover the ways to manage your images, converting your permalinks to a new format to assure old links to your site work, the best way to install WordPress, how to convert a blogger theme to WordPress, or how to assure you have archives pages work and redirect correctly. If there's call for it, I may write those up as well.

Best of luck!Migrating an old Blogger blog to WordPressDemonically Energized

L.A.'s ruled by gurus,
and New York's ruled by shrinks:
at least that's what my uncle,
in Kansas thinks.
He's got all my records;
they've been thoroughly analyzed.
He's come to the conclusion
I'm demonically energized.

He said "If you choose to engage,
in experimental sex,
or write freakish novels that are
willfully Pynchon-esque,
you can do all these things,
but don't be surprised,
if you awake
to find yourself
demonically energized.

He said "You can sing and joke about,
painful drug addictions;
and make no effort to resolve,
the looming contradictions;
you can do all these things
but wait till I close my eyes;
sin takes its toll
and now your soul's
demonically energized.

"If alcohol abuse
is something,
you choose to make light of
and common decency
is something,
okay to lose sight of,
indulge your freakish whims
in spite of how you've been advised.
Sin takes your soul
and now your soul's
demonically energized.

"If you choose to poke fun
of this country's racial tension
and sing of things
that Nat Cole King
was far too nice to mention
if you've got devil's catechism
thoroughly memorized
he's achieved his goal
and now your soul is
demonically energized.

"Now if you choose to travel
to exotic places,
and if you choose to sit
on exotic faces,
if you think it's cute
that a prostitute
is in song canonized,
he's achieved his goal
and now your soul is
demonically energized."Demonically Energized, by StewSpeaking of blog migrations from Blogger to WordPress, here's a successful one:



Initially Lura was hosted under Windows and IIS. PHP was installed on her former server, but it did not really respond appropriately and the various IIS/WordPress/"mod_rewrite" hacks did not seem to work. So I advised her to move to PHP/Apache. Things went pretty well until I realized that because FTP for that server had been flaky, I didn't actually capture all the images on her blog. Lura's backup also lacked those images. To top it off, web.archive.org didn't have the images either.

That was a pretty catastrophic and terrible error. Luckily, FlareHosting, saved me by being helpful and responsive. They had the prior server available and I was able to carefully find and copy over the missing images to the new server. A run of linklint to verify my work and all was well.

I also had a small bit of fun changing her Art page over from manually maintained galleries to using her smugmug account as the source. It works a lot like how my brother-in-law Rick's "angling" page works (which I built back in 2007), basically pulling in a syndication feed dynamically using magpie under the hood.

As far as theme, Lura's site has been pretty clean for a long time, so it cues off of her basic design in a custom theme. Very minimal, but seems to work pretty well. This was a fun project altogether. Learned a lot, and got to help out a friend!Blog Migration, Lura.net

The inestimable, very funny Eden Kennedy was also stuck with Blogger. So she and her over 1200 posts and 15000 comments (!) were stuck on Blogger without FTP. I'm proud to announce that in the main, things are moved over and working anew. I've done the redirects for old archives, though there are some custom Blogger magic (she had 2 other blogs that we've placed into WordPress with categories and will be separating out.

But she can blog, and it's fast (I can't imagine what it was like to use Blogger to publish via FTP something like a template change with that volume of  posts and comments!), and she likes her new theme, and new tools. I'm pleased as punch to have turned this around pretty quick and look forward to further improvements and tweaks. She chose a new theme and she took very fast to customizing it with her various (incredible!) writing and online projects. Did you know that in addition to working on redoing her site she also delivered the manuscript for a book?

And yes, fussy.org was a large part of my monster Blogger to WordPress post.Fussy.org To WordPressBlogger has done work to create a migration tool for Blogger FTP users and is doing great communication.

You can move to a blogspot blog, (which you could do before) or change from self-hosting to being hosted by Blogger/Google by changing the DNS to point at Google's servers. This is similar to how tumblr handles custom domain hosting.

The real failing here is that this does not account for whatever images or other multimedia you have in your posts.

It's great that Blogger is doing all this work to communicate the changes, but I don't think this migration tool is that great a solution. It's also unclear to me how well this will work if you were hosting your blog in a subdirectory of your site.

This would not have been a solution that would have worked for any of the folks I've recently migrated.

Blogger FTP Migration Tool: Does not account for your imagesApparently this "cloud" thing is made of computers, it's not just water vapor. Funny video featuring Larry Ellison.



via Daring FireballCloud computing described by Larry EllisonHe says:

if you have had someone close to you pass away in the last few years, i would really like to hear about your experiences related to the web. This can be anything from trying to find a funeral home or caskets, to trying to create a memorial site, or dealing with a remnant social network page. what were good experiences, what were bad experiences, what was missing, and any general reflections on dealing with death in the digital age. thanks.

Go to need some insight on death and remembrance in the digital age and let him know. You know, I met him once, and he was quite a nice fellow.Ze Frank seeking experiences with death in the digital ageSince September 2009 I, and my friend CPG have been posting photos and videos to New City: nuevaciudad.tumblr.com.

It's been a great chance for me to try out Tumblr. I think it's a great, focused tool. It's blogging for people who are not interested in the blogosphere. It's great for sharing images, and it can be great for socializing. I know it's enjoyable for me to bounce ideas back and forth with Chris.

The downside of posting mostly images is that images seem to be posted mostly without permission. Anil Dash's YouTube and the Million Mixer March is worth reading if you're interested in what it might mean for all of us to be copyright scofflaws. I think people ignore the issues of permission and copyright entirely now, after all, it's just a blog, it's just Facebook. I view fair use more liberally than I used to. I figure, if someone wants to complain, they will. I worried, for years, about putting up the audio of the Larry King radio stories I captured 2002. It took me 8 years before before I was willing to put them up without permission.

Tumblr is social, but I'm not very social there. It is great to group-blog with friends. I've missed that since I sold San Diego Blog back in 2007 (aside: I just posted over there, and got no comments at all, sad).

Back to social blogging -- it's fun to see what CPG posts, and to see if I can find items that are similar or related. Almost like how he and I used to sketch--riffing on each other ideas. Instead of drawings, it's images and videos. In a way, it's like the mix tape equivalent for blogging. It's kind of amazing how my interests in the subjects covered there have stayed so strong, so long. It seems to be about science fiction, aerospace, space travel, comics, Japan, Blade Runner. My 16 year-old self would be right at home posting to New City, though he would be shocked about the ease with which one can use search engines to find interesting and obscure images, so quickly.

One of my favorite aspects of blogging images is you can do interesting at-a-glance visualizations that give a snapshot of what's on a site. Here's Tumblr Mosaic Viewer, on New City:



And as a side issue, "New City" is a very old concept of Chris and me. It was going to be the company name we would use for our world domination plans. Here's an ancient image I made on the Amiga. Circa about 1986-1988



How many of you are regular users of tumblr? How do you use it?nuevaciudad.tumblr.com

Leah asked me to implement a simple redesign she had cooked up. She was tired of the heavy and dense site she had, and I am responsible for turning her new design into a clean, purely WordPress driven site. It seems to work well so far. See Leahpeah: flawed but authentic.

I moved a fair amount of stuff around. One thing of note is that I changed her former blog url structure, which included the post_id as part of it. The way we worked this site was she began to input prior pieces of her site, then I would do selective imports of her posts and pages. Some pages did not make the cut.

Unfortunately the impact of that was that all her old urls were then off. Primary database keys are great if you're going to stick with the original database. If you import it in chunks, the impact is catastrophic for the permanence of links. So last night I made a list of all the former links using a backup of the site, then did the same thing with the new url scheme. This worked great, and now permanent redirects are in place for all 1115 of her old posts (since 2002!).

It was a lot of work, but so far so good. Her blog is the most trafficked part of her site, and that area is slightly different in terms of including footer blog chrome:



Leah is about to get a bit more attention as she's now appearing on the Showtime website, and fairly soon will be appearing on Showtime itself. A critical piece of being able to handle the possibility (it is not guaranteed) of high traffic is wp-super-cache, which I have active and ready. We'll see if a) any traffic comes and b) if her WordPress install holds up. Now keep in mind, Leah's site has withstood a dooce-ing or two.

Oh, and by the way, for the uninformed: doocing is analogous to slashdotting. Or, wait, actually, what is the best metaphor for "a high amount of traffic from one source all of a sudden because of a mention" -- digging? fireballing?

One of the things that made this project go so fast was the fact that we did wireframes of the new Leahpeah.com before we started one bit of code. This helped immensely with the process, and aided greatly through the use of Balsamiq Mockups is really a great tool for rapidly putting together a site and getting to an understanding of what pieces and parts will and won't be necessary.Leahpeah: All WordPress nowA new site launch, for Tyler Peterson, my stepson who I am extremely proud of. Here's a screenshot:



Once again, Balsamiq Mockups has proved awesome for quickly getting to agreement about basic layout and design.



Check it out, particularly if you're a college who wants to give a talented running back, great student, and very giving kid a break!New site for Tyler

Amy Adams recently confessed that she sometimes finds herself acting like her Gisele character from the movie &ldquo;Enchanted&rdquo; to please her young fans.

She tells, &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t tell you how many times I&rsquo;ve had to explain to little girls, &lsquo;Shhh, I&rsquo;m in disguise!&rsquo; One time I was at an airport and I was spotted by an adorable three year old. I thought I&rsquo;d ruined her life. She looked at me as if to say, &lsquo;You&rsquo;re not Gisele!&rsquo; I thought, &lsquo;I can&rsquo;t be responsible for her loss of faith,&rsquo; so I told her in my Gisele voice that I was in disguise so that Queen Narissa (evil witch) couldn&rsquo;t find me. And she was like, &lsquo;Oooh!&rsquo;

(via suicideblonde)Sweet actress, or The Sweetest actress?I am not at South by Southwest. Leah is.

I went, myself, back in 2001. That's 9 years ago. Austin was a great town and I had fun.

These many years later what stands out is meeting the folks from evolt at Evoltageddon 2. That was fun--really fun actually -- The Ginger Man was a great bar. At the time I was an admin for Evolt, a community of web developers. There were a few other people I vaguely remember seeing. My memory is fading. I think I ran into Matt Haughey between panels. I attended film panels and web, or really "interactive" panels. I especially remember going to the premiere of No Maps For These Territories, a documentary about William Gibson. I attended the Webby Awards, I think. I had fun, but I didn't fearlessly dive into the social aspect. I think had I gone 2 years later I'd have been much more social.  I can experience some of SXSW via the podcasts they will release after the show is done. Leah will be promoting her various projects and probably participating in a panel.

I miss her, but I know she'll have a good time! Misc about SXSWI mentioned moving Leah over to WordPress a few days ago, and that went well. I've been migrating over her prior content and deleting unused content a bit since then.

In rooting through the site, I came across this:



... which we put in place when there were folks deeplinking some larger images on her site. It was kind of fun, though she never got the kind of traffic or server impact that imagine Jason Scott got during his MySpace/Goatse adventures.

Anyway, I upgraded her photos area, no, not her flickr account, this predated that. It's got photos from about 2002. It was run with Gallery, which for its time was pretty good. It had theming, could import photos from the filesystem, and automatically did thumbnailing, and could import videos, pngs, gifs, jpgs, bmps. It worked well.

But it was a pain to maintain and theme. I avoided doing anything with it, and as time passed small changes would cause problems. I had done some includes across the rest of Leah's site, and these caused problems because I made other changes later. It was running version 1.5.3. I neglected it, and it gathered spam comments and had a big memory allocation error at the top of the page and UGH! The frustration.

Well, with the release of the new version of Leah's site on a new server, nice and clean, I had the opportunity to work on a staging server to see if I could upgrade the site and make it work. And so I started. I downloaded the latest version: Gallery 3 RC1. That went well, a nice process altogether, but rather detailed. Image apps have to point at a lot of local resources - ImageMagick or NetPBM, folder paths need to be set -- it takes some attention to get it right. It uses MySQL on the backend and Kohana as the underlying application framework. It looked like a go, and loading new photos and making new albums worked fine, but there was no option to import from Gallery 1, only Gallery 2.

Okay, fine, I thought. I'll just upgrade to version 2. No problem, version 3 is only a Release Candidate anyway. So I did the same process again, though different. It's a clunkier process, but I got it working pretty fast. Then I went to import my Version 1 Gallery with the import docs, and it didn't work.

Uh, what? I'm on 1. Gallery 2 can import 1. Only, no, it can't import my specific version of Gallery. It needed to be running version 1.5.10 to be importable.

So I installed version 1.5.10, clunkier still, but familiar to me. Though I had a heck of a time finding where to fix the install errors, mostly the locations of binaries. The interface is maybe a dozen different tabs with lots of options. And voila, I got it working, rebuilt the thumbnails and things seemed to work okay.

Once I was there, I ran the import from Gallery 1 into Gallery 2. That required lots of rather long processes to determine if my .data files had enough integrity and whether there were any photos that were leftovers from the prior version. Several were, and Gallery 2 fixed that.

Luckily, the instructions on The Gallery Codex are very, very thorough. If you have upgrades like this to do, this is your bible. Follow those instructions very carefully.

So I got Gallery 2 running great, and looking great, and all the photos were imported properly. It did take about an hour and a half to process all the photos into the new format, but working = good. Once that was done, I thought, "well heck, might as well push forward to Gallery 3" -- which worked pretty well, until I came to the process where it was going to import comments.

That process indicated that I had about 12 hours to wait until all the comments would import. I thought, "that can't be right." I let it run.

And run.

And run.

After about 45 minutes I thought to myself. How many comments could these photos have? Turned out that number was about 135,000. Which, uh, was ridiculous.

So I went looking for a way to run Akismet against the comment database in Gallery 2. That sort of worked. So I thought, I'll try the same thing against the comments that had already imported into Gallery 3 (if I remember right, about 4000). There was no easy way to do either.

So then I was rooting around in the MySQL database for my Gallery 2 install. Running queries, killing off spam comments. I knew I had some comments I wanted to keep, and the thought of deleting them all just because the damn spambots had hit this ancient Gallery so hard irritated me. So, based on my hatred of spammers, I pressed on and worked till I found some patterns I could use to bulk delete. I was pretty tired by that point. In retrospect, I could have gotten much further along had I started ordering the comments by date from the start. Instead I was using the keys in the database, thinking lower meant earlier, but the import from G1 to G2 was not in chronological, so my PK's were a mess.

So I finally got through that in Gallery 2. And I reimported G2 to G3. It recognized the photos already imported, brought in the comments, and voila! I had a working gallery with all my photos.

G3 has much better organization. It's definitely cleaner to look at on the filesystem, which is nice. G1 had a separate folder for source files (albums) than the gallery, which was a pain in the neck. Being able to simply rename the folder, and change a few configuration settings made it worth it.

Of course, then I wanted a slightly prettier theme. Well, G3 themes are really not fully baked yet. Some had simple .zip file downloads, some of which point to a github account. They've done some great work, but they're really not ready for the masses to use this in the same way, say, WordPress has been forced to be.

I found a nice theme by Stopdesign and that's how it looks now. It's not perfect, but it's plain.

I was going to build a theme from scratch in the same way I've been building WordPress themes lately, but I'm holding off for a while.

This was a lot of work, but it was all worthwhile when I came across this photo from 2003, of my wife and stepkids, from 2003:



Seeing this photo made my heart dance. It made all the pain of upgrading worthwhile.


Oh, and for comparison, 7 years later, the kids look like this:

"Fun" with Gallery 1.5.3, 1.5.10, 2, 3RC1; Leahpeah photos

Started in 2007, two episodes so far. Here's the raw RSS podcast feed, and here's the iTunes Preview Page, and here's the equivalent Zune page.



I think the Leahpeah Podcast is due for a new episode.

Tech background: I used mp3feed.php as the core of this podcast script. The Making a Podcast documentation from Apple is really excellent if you want to do it from scratch.I bet you didn't know Leahpeah had a podcastGary Come Home (18)
I am 36. (17)
Listening, Thinking, and Gestating. (14)
San Francisco Suggestions? (14)
Ch the Cat 1997-2006 (12)
Migrating an old Blogger blog to WordPress (12)
Today: The Day (11)
Posts That Might Be (11)
I&#8217;m 37. (11)
Mom and the Cancer (11)
My Name in Japanese, 1987 (10)
Are you a Respiratory Therapist? Do you blog? (10)
Nephrectomy (10)
Web pages are dead. Long live web pages. (If they&#8217;re made of people) (10)
Mom&#8217;s Cancer News (9)
Unsung: 7 Years Blogging (9)
Memo to myself. (8)
Joseph James Crawford (8)
Thank You All (8)

I added a "most commented" page to this site. This continues my evolutionary changing of this site.

In this post, the most commented posts are dynamic, because I added it as a shortcode to my theme. Here's the code below (and also on github):

Most Commented Page and Shortcodehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoQ0bqsJSJ8Sabotage Video a la Galactica40

I'm not sure why exactly they call it "The Big Four Oh." It is startlingly common to hear it called that. My mom, my mother-in-law. Maybe everyone calls it that. I don't remember 30 being called "The Big Three Oh" though.

I'm not sure what I think about turning 40 yet. I feel pretty good. Imperfect, moving forward me. Yo holmes, onward.

Previous birthdays mentioned on the blog: 31, 32, 33 (wherein I was recovering from dental surgery and leah was taking wonderful care of me, a habit she has continued!), 34 (it was National Corndog Day. And it is again.). In 2005 I didn't have a birthday. 36, 37, 38, 39.

Faithful readers, thanks for stopping by. Thanks for being my neighbor!

I am 40.The wonder serendipity that was part of the net I remember now gets YouTubed and shared back with the world.

I wrote about Chatroulette last month, here's some wonderful video that is internet + piano + video + flash-enabled randomized connected chat. It's a wonderful selection.

Note: there are swear words.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfamTmY5REw

I still like Ben Folds. His interview on The Sound of Young America was quite good. The earliest mention of him I can find of him here on the blog is 2002.

I still have not hat the gumption / guts / foolhardiness to actually try Chatroulette though. But I look forward to more interesting improvisation and performance to come out of it. Artistic agenda + random audience = interesting YouTube. Well, or a trainwreck or offensiveness of the worst kind.

via waxyChatroulette: Merton, Ben FoldsFrank talk about the interests of governance vs. conservative media in David Frum: Waterloo:

I've been on a soapbox for months now about the harm that our overheated talk is doing to us. Yes it mobilizes supporters  but by mobilizing them with hysterical accusations and pseudo-information, overheated talk has made it impossible for representatives to represent and elected leaders to lead. The real leaders are on TV and radio, and they have very different imperatives from people in government. Talk radio thrives on confrontation and recrimination. When Rush Limbaugh said that he wanted President Obama to fail, he was intelligently explaining his own interests. What he omitted to say  but what is equally true  is that he also wants Republicans to fail. If Republicans succeed  if they govern successfully in office and negotiate attractive compromises out of office  Rush's listeners get less angry. And if they are less angry, they listen to the radio less, and hear fewer ads for Sleepnumber beds.

So today's defeat for free-market economics and Republican values is a huge win for the conservative entertainment industry. Their listeners and viewers will now be even more enraged, even more frustrated, even more disappointed in everybody except the responsibility-free talkers on television and radio. For them, it's mission accomplished. For the cause they purport to represent, it's Waterloo all right: ours.

The article has some real smart realpolitik. It's too bad the rest of the party couldn't muster the will to execute on compromises to get something out of a popular idea--healthcare in the USA needs fixing. It's time to start fixing it.

Regarding the tone and method of the conversation--the Great Republic of the United States of America is better served by better, smarter, more tolerant discourse.

It turns out extremism in the defense of liberty can be a vice, sometimes. (apologies to Barry Goldwater) (and actually, I quite like the full quote better than just the first part. The full quote from Goldwater is apparently:

I would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice! And let me remind you also that moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue!Very frank talk on Conservative Media from a conservative

"Or maybe you just moved around a lot growing up."

That sounds right.

In Islands in the Net I think Sterling refers to the homogenization of American accents as the result of the flattening aspects of "the net." Net English, I think it how he describes it. Consuming a lot of media--television--I'm sure has had that effect on me. I wonder what my new exposure to more Mid-Atlantic to Southern accents here in Roanoke, Virginia will do to me. Maybe nothing, perhaps my accent is set for life. Can accent change later in life? I don't know how that works.

The differences in accent and idiom are fascinating everywhere. Some favorites at random and off the top of my head. There are many more that I find interesting than the ones on this list:

The usage of "dude" in CaliforniaSpanglish (Spanish and English interspersed)Tanglish (Tagalog interspersed with English)The clipped pronunciation and precise diction of some Filipino nursesUK english idioms in film, tv, music ("take a decision" vs. "make a decision," usage of "Cheers" as a greeting)The faux cockney (I think) of people like Lily Allen and Kate Nash--as I understand it they have been criticized for sounding cockney when they're actually middle or upper-class.

I remember that my father, when we lived in New Orleans 30 years ago, would slip into something like a faux Southern accent sometimes when doing business with someone who's working class. My dad was a Navy brat, like me. For kids who move around, going to new settings, I think language can be part of what can help you blend in. There's a bit of "chameleon," I think, to kids like that. I wonder if or how much I used it that way.

(Oh, and I found the quiz via Meg)Which American Accent Do You Have?color me passing strange on the BOX blog is worth a read for Stew, Negro Problem and Passing Strange fans. It aligns with many of my own experiences, particularly the Adams Avenue Music festival and Java Joe's in Ocean Beach. It also links to some of the lyrics I have posted over the years.

Stew, The Negro Problem, Passing Strange. Awesome.Awesome blog post about Stew fanhood.Okay, maybe not that exciting. See it on a local tv station WSLS: Jay Learns How To Tweet. A screenshot:

The day my twitter icon showed up on local TV

Back in January, Leah posted a scan of a thank you card we made together. That was really fun to make.CollaborationIf you're like me, maybe you have a pile of posts in your WordPress database. I have 3426 posts in here. It's a giant database of stuff. Good stuff, bad stuff, short stuff, long stuff. Slicing and dicing that content in a way that makes sense, or that allows you to find what you have written and posted before is tricky. Sure, you can use Google by adding "site:artlung.com" to your search query and get fairly good results. But for some things, wouldn't it be great to be able to find things.

So in my effort to build a WordPress theme that suits me perfectly (I'm calling the theme "roanoke"), I've added a feature to provide thumbnail images for all my posts tagged with "drawings" -- see http://artlung.com/blog/tag/drawings/.

Cool, no?

How do I do that? WordPress 2.9.2 can add Post Thumbnails:



Now, it's a "dormant" feature. So your WordPress backend will not show that piece of the Posting interface if you have this line added to your current theme's functions.php:


add_theme_support( 'post-thumbnails' );


I'm using a plugin called get_the_image, which can use the explicitly added "Post Thumbnail" feature if it's there, OR use a few different other techniques. But mostly, it can analyze the currently referenced post and extract out the url of the first image being referenced. This is not perfect, as sometimes what it finds is a huge image, or maybe the first image is not the best image, but it still works pretty well. The plugin was originally written in 2008 (!) but works great for me.

So on my archive.php page, here is my code. This is not optimized or even particularly reusable, I include it here for reference for those of you looking for ideas:


// Need a way to pull these urls into the library.
$args = array(
	'custom_key' => array( 'Thumbnail', 'thumbnail' ),
	'attachment' => true,
	'default_size' => 'thumbnail',
	'the_post_thumbnail' => true,
	'default_image' => false,
	'order_of_image' => 1,
	'link_to_post' => true,
	'image_class' => 'imageThumbNail',
	'image_scan' => true,
	'width' => 200,
	// 'height' => 200,
	'echo' => false,
	'format' => 'array',
);

if ($tag == 'drawings' && function_exists('get_the_image')) {
print '';
$item = get_the_image( $args );
?>Using tags: "Drawings"; How I use WordPress get_the_image()
"This is your thirty-fifth attempt to elicit an emotional response from me."


"Is there a problem officer?""I have been and always shall be your friend."For me, I think April Fool's Day will always be about April Fool's, 1988.

It's a day to reflect on how far I've progressed, and not progressed as a communicator.

It's a mixed bag, and I'm taking it one day at a time.

As for April Fool's Day itself: every year websites do more and more to be clever and funny, and every year they are less and less successful. It's the truth: most people are not funny.April Fool's DayAnd I look over yonder
tell me what do I see?
can it be a see a special angel built specially for me?
with that long black hair
yeah her eyes are so bright
yeah she looks real good underneath the bar lights

She drives a new Thunderbird
owns a stack of credit cards
yeah she parties real cool
she parties real hard
I been to Bakersfield twice, and four county fairs
but I never seen a woman like that anywheres
oh those nights in Fillmore
who could ask for anything more?
I saw you dancing in the heat
you threw my love right out on the street
A cowpunk
Oh that girl's much too tough
She's cowpunk
She's cowpunk

Yeah she's my little sugar
and we have so much fun
yeah we'll hit the bowling alley
when the workday is done
yeah she's my little baby
and she loves me so right
yeah she hold me in the morning well on into the night

I got a hot rod Ford
and a two-dollar bill
hell and I know a joint right over that hill
well they got live music
and the band's really good
yeah they drive here directly from North Hollywood
oh those nights in Fillmore
who could ask for anything more?
I saw you dancing in the heat
you stopped my heart like it's hammer to meat
a cowpunk
oh that girl's much too tough
a cowpunk
a cowpunk

Yo! Waco!
(Hey let's party and get funky with these folks, dagnabbit)
(how 'bout it?)
[guitar solo]

a cowpunk!
a cowpunk!
a cowpunk!
a cowpunk!
a cowpunk!
a cowpunk!
a cowpunk!
a cowpunk!

(listen to it on the late Scott Goddard's myspace page: http://www.myspace.com/scottgoddard)
Cowpunk, by Scott Goddard: LyricsYour technique it leaves me weak
my heart knows it's the beat I seek
and I found it
(just got lucky)
oh yes I found it
(just got lucky)
I never worry that your love is fake
I'm free and easy and I'm feeling jake
'cause I found it
(just got lucky)
oh boy I found it
(just got lucky)
'cause I never felt this way before
like a dog always beggin' for more
whoaaaaaa yeah!

I've been fooled by love so many times
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I gave up on all the silly rhymes
Kept my feelings all inside my heart
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A locked door
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No key was cut
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That was the fit
Now I'm such a very lucky guy
gangway!
one side now
(come on hear me say)
we found the answer and it's plain to see
(come on hear me say)
that I'm for you and you're for me
'cause we found it
(just got lucky)
together we found it
(just got lucky)
I feel a quiver every time we kiss
the sky's the limit with a love like this
'cause we found it
(just got lucky)
together we found it
(just got lucky)
'cause I never felt this way before
like a dog always beggin' for more
whoaaaaaa yeah!

I've been fooled by love so many times
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I gave up on all the silly rhymes
Kept my feelings all inside my heart
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A locked door
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No key was cut
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That was the fit
Now I'm such a very lucky guy
gangway!
one side now
(come on hear me say)
we found the answer and it's plain to see
(come on hear me say)
that I'm for you and you're for me
'cause we found it
(just got lucky)
together we found it
(just got lucky)
I feel a quiver every time we kiss
the sky's the limit with a love like this
'cause we found it
(just got lucky)
together we found it
(just got lucky)
'cause I never felt this way before
like a dog always beggin' for more
whoaaaaaa yeah!

I've been fooled by love so many times
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I gave up on all the silly rhymes
Kept my feelings all inside my heart
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A locked door
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No key was cut
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That was the fit
Now I'm such a very lucky guy
gangway!
one side now
(come on hear me say)
(come on hear me say)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
your technique it leaves me weak
my heart knows it's the beat I seek
and I found it
(just got lucky)
Oh boy I found it!
(just got lucky)
'cause I never felt this way before.

(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)
(just got lucky)

by The JoBoxersJust Got Lucky, by the JoBoxers: LyricsCheck it out at posts tagged "photos".



This follows up this post where I talk about posts tagged "drawings."
More thumbnailin': photosThe first time I heard of Lady Gaga it was from Krisztianna. At the time I thought her fandom of Miss Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta was delusional or maybe even ironic. As it turns out, Lady Gaga actually has quite a lot going on for her. She's worked hard, and for many years to create an identity and aesthetic that is musical, outlandish, controversial, and to many, incredibly entertaining.

For those of you who have written off Gaga as yet another vapid pop princess, I present you with a video from before she was Lady Gaga. This is a young woman who has clearly been practicing her piano and singing.



If you're compelled by that, and are curious to know more about her story and theories about her and her work, check out:

Growing Up Gaga: The self-invented, manufactured, accidental, totally on-purpose New York creation of the worlds biggest pop star - this is a great history about her from when she was still Stefani. It feels like truth to me.Metafilter thread with some interesting observations on the influence of Andy Warhol on her artThe Music Video Is The Advertisement: Lady Gaga Goes Post-Mccluhan On Us AllHow Miracle Whip, Plenty of Fish Tapped Lady Gaga's 'Telephone'Sometimes art can inspire conspiracy theories: Lady Gaga, The Illuminati Puppet and The Hidden Meaning of Lady Gagas "Telephone"

Read the "Growing Up Gaga" article. You'll appreciate much more her rocky road to fame, and the hard work she put in to get there.Pre-Gaga Gaga.A visual treat for Friday.



via jwz.Pixels, by Patrick Jean
The Luckiest - Ben Folds
Bad Luck Blue Eyes Goodbye - The Black Crowes
The Poignant & Epic Saga Of Featherhead And Lucky Lack - Blues Traveler
Mack The Knife - Bobby Darin
Lucky Bag - Electronic
Lucky Bag (Miami Edit) - Electronic
Luck Be A Lady - Frank Sinatra
Hard Luck Woman - Garth Brooks
I'm Lucky - Joan Armatrading
Just Got Lucky - JoBoxers
Lucky Number - Lene Lovich
Lucky Seven - Lew Lewis Reformer
Lucky Lisp - Morrissey
Lucky Ball & Chain - They Might Be Giants
You Got Lucky - Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Unlucky - WAX


See also: rock and dead and jesus and don't."Lucky" - an iTunes playlistMost famous for being a rock empresario. For the Sex Pistols. For Punk theory. For Bow Wow Wow. Dead at age 64.

He could be a lot of fun. Here's Buffalo Gals, 1983:



I don't remember this video, or the nudity, but the song sounds like the 1980s to me. I always liked the song. Drum machines, cultural pastiche, earnestness. It's Madame Butterfly, from 1984:



Read the man's Wikipedia entry. Fascinating fellow: Malcolm McLaren.Malcolm McLaren is dead.I have been watching iPhone development for a while. I've played in it and with it and been fascinated by it.

The latest changes, where Apple is proposing to disallow alternate languages and runtimes to make iPhone apps. What it says is:

3.3.1 -- Applications may only use Documented APIs in the manner prescribed by Apple and must not use or call any private APIs. Applications must be originally written in Objective-C, C, C++, or JavaScript as executed by the iPhone OS WebKit engine, and only code written in C, C++, and Objective-C may compile and directly link against the Documented APIs (e.g., Applications that link to Documented APIs through an intermediary translation or compatibility layer or tool are prohibited).

Not calling private APIs is not new. They don't want you to do that. When I attended the last BarCamp, Chris Hughes (twitter: @chews) said that probing undocumented iPhone APIs by decompilation was essential to being a good iPhone developer--that doing so assures you can see where the platform is going.

The tricky bit is "only code written in C, C++, and Objective-C may compile and directly link against the Documented APIs (e.g., Applications that link to Documented APIs through an intermediary translation or compatibility layer or tool are prohibited)." So, what happens to things like MonoTouch or Adobe's nascent Flash Packager for iPhone? MonoTouch uses C#, and Adobe's tool that releases tomorrow uses Flash (so, ActionScript).

This change made some people crazy. Lee Brimelow is a Platform Evangelist at Adobe focusing on the Flash, Flex, and AIR developer communities. is what TheFlashBlog says. Mr. Brimelow basically turned Apple's policy change into an opportunity to lose his mind, spectacularly. Here's his post: Apple Slaps Developers In The Face. He ended it with:

Go screw yourself Apple.

Comments disabled as Im not interested in hearing from the Cupertino Comment SPAM bots.

Despite it being called "TheFlashBlog" and him being an employee, since that post the other day a disclaimer and several redactions have been made:

This is my personal blog. The opinions expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of my employer.

My guess is those changes kept him from getting fired.

Meanwhile, Jon Lech Johansen, better known as DVDJon called out Steve Jobs on this issue:

In defending recent changes to the iPhone SDK agreement, Steve Jobs made a general argument about platforms:

We've been there before, and intermediate layers between the platform and the developer ultimately produces sub-standard apps and hinders the progress of the platform.

Since iTunes for Windows uses non-native APIs such as CoreFoundation and CoreGraphics, Steve Jobs is effectively calling iTunes for Windows a sub-standard app.

Is iTunes hindering the progress of the Windows platform by not taking advantage of the latest native Windows APIs? By Steve's logic, Microsoft should start banning apps such as iTunes from Windows.

It should be noted that Mr. Johansen makes an iTunes competitor called doubleTwist. His point is a good one. Windows, whatever one thinks of it, has been a vibrant ecosystem in part because developers cannot be prevented from using other-than-official Microsoft toolkits to make their applications.

Monotouch, meanwhile, has a much more reasonable point of view, and views the changes as merely proposed and not final:


This is an update from the MonoTouch team at Novell to the MonoTouch community.

Many have contacted us about reports on the changes in the iPhone Developer Program Agreement and while we can not comment on the specifics of a confidential agreement, we want to address some of the points that are being brought up.

We believe that MonoTouch brings an impressive value to the Apple ecosystem.

MonoTouch's C-powered runtime blends the power of native code and Apple's iPhoneOS APIs with type safety, automatic memory management, and other benefits that years of runtime innovation have delivered to the ISO Common Language Infrastructure.

We are reaching out to Apple for clarification on their intention, and believe there is plenty of room for course-correction prior to the final release of the 4.0 SDK.

MonoTouch's programming model exposes the iPhoneOS API to the C# language to give developers the same control and access that Objective-C developers get.

If Apple's motives are technical, or are intended to ensure the use of the Apple toolchain, MonoTouch should have little difficulty staying compliant with the terms of the SDK. MonoTouch runs only on Mac OS X, and integrates tightly with XCode and the iPhone SDK. Applications built with MonoTouch are native applications indistinguishable from native applications, only expose Apple's documented APIs and uses a rigorous test suite to ensure that we conform to the iPhoneOS ABIs and APIs.

With this in mind, the MonoTouch team remains excited about the potential for Enterprise and AppStore-deployable applications developed for the iPhone and iPad. Support for iPhoneOS 4.0 on MonoTouch will be arriving soon.


More sinister is the reaction of Dan Grigsby, of Mobile Orchard, an excellent blog and podcast about iPhone development. He has decided: Im Abandoning iPhone Development. Mobile Orchard To Stop Publication. This is about the most drastic reaction from an iPhone developer I can think of. He has read the tea leaves of Apple's actions and decided that the greater opportunity is in Android Development.

Meanwhile, iPhoneWax is a framework that lets you write iPhone apps in Lua. It bridges Objective-C and Lua using the Objective-C runtime. With Wax, anything you can do in Objective-C is automatically available in Lua! The reaction by developers in the iPhoneWax group is confusion, anger, and disappointment: Thread: Section 3.3.1.

Ansca Mobile has Corona SDK, a commercial software development toolset, is in a similar position. They seem to think they're okay: Corona and iPhone OS 4.0:

First and foremost I want to thank all of our Corona developers, friends and family for their support regarding the new Apple 4.0 OS Terms of Service Agreement (TOS) on how it could affect you, our developers, and us, as a tools company.

Let me reassure all of you that we will do whatever it takes to make this work, just like we have been doing since Corona first started shipping.

I believe that Corona will be fine, and we are committed to delivering the best tool for multi-platform game and app creation for Apple and Android devices, and we will continue to add new features to Corona and to make it better every time we put a new release out.

I, along with my co-founder Walter Luh, have reached out to Apple both officially and unofficially, and we continue to do our diligence in regards to the new TOS. We have also been in touch with other companies that are in the same situation we are.

John Gruber explains the changes a bit more in his post Why Apple Changed Section 3.3.1. Mr. Gruber is always worth reading for thoughts on Apple, but he says:

Flash CS5 and MonoTouch arent so much cross-platform as meta-platforms. Adobes goal isnt to help developers write iPhone apps. Adobes goal is to encourage developers to write Flash apps that run on the iPhone (and elsewhere) instead of writing iPhone-specific apps. Apple isnt just ambivalent about Adobes goals in this regard  it is in Apples direct interest to thwart them.

Rafe Colburn, who I've been reading for many years, has a nice summation of all of this as well: Apple kneecaps competitors and partners. He brings up the parallel of Java, which seems especially apt:

I am reminded of Microsoft's reaction to Java, specifically the early hype about Java. We all think of Java as a boring server-side language now, but the initial idea behind Java was that software developers could write applications in Java rather than writing them for Windows, and that those applications would work everywhere, thus defanging Microsoft's desktop OS monopoly. Microsoft took various steps to prevent that from happening, but they lacked a tool like App Store that would enable them to just ban Java. Apple has that card to play, so theyre playing it.

I think Apple pissing off developers is a gigantic mistake. These are engaged, smart people who believed very strongly in the iPhone platform. Pushing them away means that Apple is taking the decision to encourage them to go with another platform. At the moment it looks like Android would be that platform. Other contenders for taking that iPhone business: webOS, though Palm is struggling; maybe Symbian's phones will be more "Smartphone-y." Blackberry or Maemo. I am hopeful and interested to Apple makes a course correction on this.

The AppStore is both a strength and a weakness for Apple. It's a source of revenue, and there vetting of official iPhone apps, but it also is slow, and is much criticized. Here's a random article with criticisms: 10 Reasons Why Apple's App Store Policies Make No Sense.

If their concern is for application quality or platform stability in light of the fact that they are also introducing multitasking--why not simply include disclaimers about the fact that applications may be less stable. Or maybe allow developers to push "questionable" apps into a "beta" mode. Apply disclaimers to these apps, and let users and developers see and decide. I may be naive, but there may yet be a creative solution that protects Apple but still allows independent developers to do their thing.

I'm interested to see if Apple makes changes in light of the pushback from independent developers. It would be a shame if all these creative developers were simply kicked out the door. In light of software history though, that may be exactly what happens. Luckily, the industry is still young, and these developers have alternatives. But pushing away developers can't help but ultimately hurt the iPhone platform.

Now, all that said, it's possible the reason for phasing out everything but C, C++, and Objective-C is part of a larger shift. Here's an interesting theory that it has more to do with a shift in underlying processor: Like the change from 68k to PowerPC, or PowerPC to Intel. iPad's now sport custom processors, maybe there's something like that afoot. I'm not technical enough to know the merits of this possibility, but if so it's possible a shift in platform strategy may be inferred by this developer-angering development.

Apple 3.3.1 iPhone changes cause uproarPsst... just between you and me, can I tell you about a new webcomic I think you should look forward to?

I've known Brett Jackson since sometime in the 20th Century. At the time I believe he was the prime mover in the San Diego Macromedia Users Group. He is soft-launching a webcomic, and I did theming and customization. The site looks beautiful, and I'm looking forward to the new comics every week! You can subscribe to the RSS feed and get the new ones.



It's a beautiful design, and it was fun to turn into a WordPress theme.

Brett's always been a nice fellow, a helpful fellow, and he has the distinction of creating a drawing (a ribald caricature) that, inexplicably, is one of the most popular items in my flickr account:



"Viewed 19,179 times" since it was posted June 29, 2005. Why? I have no idea, really. Some sort of fluke of Google I think. By comparison, this other caricature by Brett, a bit more plain, has only been viewed 600 times.



I like those a lot.

And today, I have a new image, not for flickr, but for me. In thanks for my work on the theme, Brett has given me the first ad! I dig it the most. That hat is pretty much exactly how my hat looks.



I love the ad, and I'm looking forward to more comics from Brett! That url again is http://www.massivesqwertz.com/.

(Also, I'll probably post about some of the tricks I employed on the site, but that'll be for another time. If anyone is interested in speccing out a webcomic WordPress theme please get in touch. I have some ideas but I'd love to hear what webcomics folk like in terms of themes)Massive SqwertzThis past weekend Leah and I went down to Blacksburg and attended (most of) the Progeny Film Festival. These were student and community-made films and they showed real promise. I have a soft spot for student film. The Festival was held at The Lyric Theater, which has an interesting history.

The film I liked best was Harano Childs - Model Railroader, and with the magic of YouTube you can watch it:



We didn't stay for all the festival; we saw half the films and enjoyed them.

It was the first time I've been to Blacksburg in a long while. I think the last time I was in Blacksburg was in the Summer of 1992 when I took the CRTT exam (I passed).

At the same time as the Progeny Film Festival was another interesting event, a concert by
the Linux Laptop Orchestra. We didn't go to that though. But it's another piece of interesting culture attached to Virginia Tech. I'm looking forward to more opportunities for Leah and I to drive down Interstate 81 and visit Blacksburg.

The drive was not as long as I thought it was going to be. Spring has sprung in a big way, and Saturday was a lovely day. The green is overwhelming and the landscape of southwest Virginia is beautiful.Progeny Film Festival; BlacksburgSmall project that, on click, loads new affirmations. A photo from Leah, some jQuery with AJAX, and voila. I like it.



If anyone has suggestions for a "random thing of the day" type thing, please let me know.

The JavaScript I code to attach the behavior is:


	$.ajax(
		{type: &quot;POST&quot;
		, url: &quot;generate-affirmation.php&quot;
		, beforeSend: function(xhr){
			$(&#039;#affirmation&#039;).html(&#039;&lt;div class=&quot;loading&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;/affirmations/ajax-loader.gif&quot; alt=&quot;loading...&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; height=&quot;24&quot; width=&quot;24&quot; /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#039;);
		return xhr;
		}, success: function(txt){
			$(&#039;#affirmation&#039;).html(txt).fadeIn(&#039;slow&#039;);
		}
	});


And the PHP of generate-affirmation.php is:


$raw_affirmations = array();
$raw_affirmations = @file(&quot;affirmations.txt&quot;);
$raw_commented_affirmations = array();
$html_affirmations = array();

foreach($raw_affirmations as $raw_affirmation) {
$raw_affirmation = trim($raw_affirmation);
if((substr($raw_affirmation,0,1) != &#039;#&#039;)) {
	if(strip_tags($raw_affirmation) != $raw_affirmation) {
		$html_affirmations[] = $raw_affirmation;
	} else {
		$html_affirmations[] = htmlentities($raw_affirmation);
	}
} else {
	$raw_commented_affirmations = $raw_affirmation;
}
}
print $html_affirmations[array_rand($html_affirmations)];
Random AffirmationSeveral years ago my amazing wife Leah put together a blog called Flawed But Authentic and populated it with wonderful writers. It had a very nice heyday, but then, it stopped. It was a really cool idea though, and it made me sad to see a cool idea grow moribund and die. So, I've fixed and cleaned up the theme, and it's back in business, I hope. What's next? What the hell does "back in business" mean? I have no earthly idea. So I thought I'd mini-interview my very own wife about what Flawed But Authentic is about:

What does "Flawed But Authentic" mean?

To me, being authentic is the most important thing. Despite any flaws I have, my goal is to be as authentic as possible - true to myself, be just as I am.

Why did you start Flawed But Authentic?

I started FBA because I felt like I needed a daily shot of something authentic and uplifting. The theme idea for the site was to write about anything that had a sense of positivity and authenticity.

What's next for Flawed But Authentic?

I am open to whatever it wants to be. Maybe a new community, maybe it will be revived with a shot of fresh writers. Or, maybe it will be just as it is, and that is fine, too.

I have met several people with the very nice FBA longsleeve t-shirts you had made. Any interest in doing shirts again?

If there were more than 25 people who wanted them, then yes. It isn't cost effective for a lesser amount of shirts.

Thanks Leah!


Flawed But Authentic

'cause I
gon' make you see
nobody else here
no one like me
I'm special (Special)
so special (Special)Brass in PocketUpdate, October 27, 2010

In the early morning, October 27, 2010, Phyllis Crawford died peacefully at home, surrounded by her family. Details about services will be posted at a later date. She died as she lived, defying and exceeding expectations. We pray we can honor her memory, and we thank everyone for the outpouring of love, support, prayers and sympathy.

I encourage you to read her and see her singing Karaoke from this past Summer, or hear her from the eve of her wedding in 1968, I also strongly encourage you to read Phyllis Silva Crawford's Life Lessons.


Originally this post was entitled "Phyllis Crawford Update, October 15, 2010"

October 15, 2010

This morning at 2am my mother was awakened and had severe headache. We called paramedics and got her to the hospital after she became unresponsive and now she's in the hospital in the Intensive Care Unit here in Roanoke. She has a severe bleed, a bleed so bad that it's basically inoperable, that has caused her to be unresponsive and the doctors suspect there is not much time left.

She has had tremendous quality of life the past 3 1/2 years, and battled like a champ, but things seem grim.

Prayers welcome.Phyllis Crawford, Roanoke, VirginiaShe did not want to sing karaoke, she was pretty clear about that. So the crowd (which is to say her sisters and cousins and family) let her be. Then, after a while, she got up and sang a wee bit of Sinatra.



That's part of the spirit that has everyone remembering her and saying such wonderful things about her. She really was so young at heart. This was back in July this year, before a massive stroke incapacitated her.

Previously.Phyllis Singing KaraokeThis is a time capsule from the night before my parents were married in June of 1968. It's an audiotape made by my uncle Jerry at my Parent's rehearsal dinner. It's quite remarkable.

Who will you hear?Who?Age&nbsp;James Crawford21GroomPhyllis Silva22BrideArt Silva&nbsp;Father of the BridePhyllis Silva&nbsp;Mother of the BrideFrancie Shartzer20BridesmaidClint Shartzer&nbsp;&nbsp;Mary Lou Silva17BridesmaidSally Silva10Flower GirlArtie Silva4RingbearerNorm Algarva&nbsp;&nbsp;Louella Algarva&nbsp;&nbsp;Rosie Contreras&nbsp;Maid of HonorJoseph Crawford50Father&nbsp;of&nbsp;the&nbsp;GroomJean Crawford48Mother&nbsp;of&nbsp;the&nbsp;GroomJerry Crawford19Best ManJody Crawford14UsherJoan Crawford12Flower GirlJeannine Crawford10Flower GirlJacqueline&nbsp;Crawford8Flower Girl

Night before Jim Crawford & Phyllis Silva's Wedding

http://files.artlung.com/artlung.com/weddingtape/Night%20before%20Jim%20Crawford%20%26%20Phyllis%20Silva%27s%20Wedding.mp3

These sound files are, I think, from the wedding itself, Ave Maria and The Our Father as sung at my parents' wedding:
Ave Maria
Our Father

http://files.artlung.com/artlung.com/weddingtape/Ave%20Maria.mp3

http://files.artlung.com/artlung.com/weddingtape/Our%20Father.mp3

Download all these files in a Zip fileOn the Eve of Jim & Phyllis' WeddingIn 2010, Phyllis Crawford's daughter-in-law Leah Peterson asked her to contribute to a book about the lessons learned in life. These are what she shared.

I believe we were created by God and when we get to the end of our life he wont be concerned with our job title or financial status. I think he will ask us if we became the best that we could be and did we help others to grow and become better. Did we give each and every person the respect and dignity they deserved. Every single day is an opportunity to love one another. It is a joy to stand in awe and wonder at a persons beauty, goodness and uniqueness. We are all different and can never be replaced. We all have different fingerprints. No two are alike. I think that is amazing.

I have stage IV Renal Cell Carcinoma and I dont know how much longer I have on Earth but I see God in Everyone. Spending time with my Family and Friends is all that matters. In the past I did a lot of volunteering and didnt have much time for my Friends and now with my illness I have the luxury of spending more time with them. I have been nurturing my relationship with a few close friends. I am closer to my Husband and Children than I have ever been. To me that is truly a gift. I am so grateful for everything, I have learned to be thankful in good times and bad times. Its just great to be alive and I take nothing for granted.

I truly believe our bodies are a temple of the holy spirit and we should take good care of it. We should exercise, get plenty of rest and eat nutritiously every day.

I always see the glass half filled not half empty. This life is a beautiful journey and God is not finished with us. Each day we are becoming. God is the God of surprises. Life is a mystery and grace filled. It is a special gift and it goes fast so enjoy every second of the day. And I do.

Many years ago Mr. Pigeon a psychology professor my Son encouraged me to take would consistently say Be here now. I was always looking ahead or looking back. It is good to plan for the future but one must be present and enjoy today. Bring out the good china and entertain your Family and Friends today. When I was in Italy one spring I ordered a diet coke and the man looked at me and threw up his hands and said, Oh you Americans. You are going to die anyway why not have the real thing. He was right, Life is short. When in Rome.

When I was in Rome with my children and husband I ordered coffee with my dinner and the waiter said No no no you ruin your meal you must have wine with your meal. He was so right wine does improve a meal.

I remember my Father talking about moderation in everything. He was such a wise man and I loved him so much and really miss him. When I tend to go overboard on something I can still hear him say, moderation in everything. Too much of one thing is not good.

I have learned to listen intently to others. Sometimes I agree to disagree. And sometimes they can change my mind. I try not to be so rigid in my thinking. To be open to new ways of seeing is a good thing.

I have relationships that are life giving. Those that arent I let go. Some people have drained me and I just let them go.

There is beauty all around us. I live near the mountains and the scenery from my home is awesome. The deer sit on the lawn and come up to the bird feeder. Every day I look out and it is always new. For years I would take a long walk outside and every day was different. Look out at Nature every day and you will be nourished.

Set aside time to be silent. I am so happy to live in a quiet and sleepy little town. After my quiet time I read the Bible and I have learned so many gems. There are too many to count. I love Matthew 5 (the beatitudes) and Matthew 6 (about worry). I am like a sponge, I cant seem to get enough. Every day I learn more and more how to live a better life. And my very favorite passage is from proverbs 3:56 Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not in your own understanding, in all your ways acknowledge him and he will make your paths straight.

While I was raising my children, I would allow them to make small decisions and give them good choices to choose from. If they were in the kitchen cooking, I would allow them to do it their way. When they were teenagers I was given great advice by a friend. She told me to zip the lip unless of course they were hanging out with the wrong crowd or getting into trouble. It is best not to probe them with questions. Instead, do a fun activity with them and they will confide in you.

I have enjoyed a great life with so many blessings. All I ever wanted was a beautiful life. I have memorized this passage from scripture and think it every day. It is from Philippians 4:8 Finally , brothers, whatever is true, whatever is noble, Whatever is right, Whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable-if anything is excellent or praiseworthy-think about such things.Phyllis Silva Crawford's Life LessonsSee: Phyllis Crawford, Roanoke, VirginiaUpdate On My Mom's Condition Phyllis (Silva) Crawford, 64, of Roanoke, Virginia, daughter of Jesus and Phyllis Silva of San Diego, California, died on October 27, 2010 after a three year and four month battle with Stage IV renal cell carcinoma. Phyllis was a devoted wife, mother and friend. She was an active parishioner of Our Lady of Nazareth Catholic Church and member of the Secular Franciscan Order. A Roanoker for 21 years, Phyllis volunteered with the Christian Women's Club, trained as a court appointed special advocate with the Child Health Investment Partnership, and visited the sick as a pastoral care minister for OLN. In recent years she served as a docent at the Art Museum of Western Virginia and volunteered at Roanoke Area Ministries in their soup kitchen and served on their board.

Phyllis was a graduate of Morse High School and attended San Diego State University. She starred in plays both in high school and in a North Carolina playhouse during the 1970s. She loved cooking and music with Frank Sinatra, Barbra Streisand and Michael Bubl being special favorites. She was an avid traveler, visiting over thirty countries in her lifetime, celebrating her fiftieth birthday on the Great Wall of China. Phyllis played tennis for years until her illness stopped her, but she remained a competitive yet congenial bridge player.

Phyllis took nothing for granted. As the eldest of seven children of a truck driver, she experienced lean times growing up in San Diego. In the last ten years of her life serving the poor and hungry were most important to her. Her love of life and joyful spirit were an inspiration to many. Her beautiful, irresistible smile and laughter will never be forgotten.

She is survived by her husband of 42 years, Dr. James Crawford; son, Joseph (wife: Leah) of California and Roanoke; daughter, Kelly (husband: Daniel Smith) of Falls Church, Virginia; and six siblings, Francie, Bebe, Sandra, Mary Lou, Sally and Art, as well as many nieces; nephews; in-laws and four stepgrandchildren, Devon, Tyler, Tony and Alexandra.

A Rosary will be held at 7 p.m. on Friday, November 5, 2010 at Our Lady of Nazareth Catholic Church. A Memorial Mass will be held at 1p.m. on Saturday, November 6, 2010 at Our Lady of Nazareth Catholic Church at 2505 Electric Road, Roanoke, Virginia 24018.

In lieu of flowers, donations may be made directly to her favorite causes: Roanoke Area Ministries and/or Madonna House of Roanoke. At the very least, please pass along a kind act, word or deed with a smile in memory of Phyllis. Phyllis Crawford, Obituary

My Mom played this game with my Sister on a little iPod touch here at the house. When Leah and I arrived here in November of 2009 we introduced more and more technology. Leah taught her to use her cellphone to send text messages. It was a blast to get messages from my Mom with "lol" or "smile" in them. Meanwhile, my Sister has an iPhone and plays the Words With Friends game. It seems like April or so, we installed the free version on an extra iPod Touch my Dad owns. Always a player of games (poker, rummy, Tennis, Scrabble, Yahtzee) she took to it immediately. She also used the "chat" feature to regularly talk to my sister, who lives 4 hours away. It was awesome to see my Mom and Sister pass notes back and forth through this little game. Very quickly we installed the ad-free version for her, and when my Dad bought an iPad with 3G she was able to use it when they traveled. She was so excited to be able to contact my sister in this lightweight, fast way.

Here the nontechnical of you can ignore this paragraph. By "lightweight" I mean simple and plain. A communication medium like a paper letter is very rich, an email likewise can be very rich, even multimedia. A phone call is similarly rich, with emotion. But all of these have time constraints on them that are significant. A letter might take 3 days to get to its destination. A phone call requires both parties to be synced up and in a mindset to talk. An email suffers because email is associated (at this time) with having to sit down to a machine. By being able to communicate with a medium that is fast, simple, and associated with a fun game, my Sister and Mom used the little "chat" feature in a way that enhanced both of their lives significantly. We did not know it at the time, but this communications medium was the one used for some of the final corporeal communications between my Mom and Sister. I'm inspired by this unexpected usage and effect of a simple mobile game. I've been a fan of Clay Shirky and danah boyd for a long time, and this simple game exemplifies their messages about how social software changes our lives.

As I write this, again stirred to emotion, I also think about the Gmail and Facebook accounts I set up for her. Leah and I would answer her questions about privacy, about adding photos, about how and why things happen in the Facebook stream. At the time I thought it was just a simple tool I was giving her, but it was a mechanism to reconnect and see what was happening with her family and friends and I'm rather proud that I (gently) pushed her to adopt these things. And I think, I am inspired that a person facing down the barrel of a gun of Stage IV cancer could take to such simple tools so well. I hope my own mind is so nimble and adaptable as I age and, God Forbid, if I become ill.

I've always been a moderate and an agnostic about technology. It takes a lot for me to dismiss a technology out of hand. I'm glad I have never dismissed the possibilities of mobile apps and of social software applications such as Facebook. There's a great deal "there" there. Yes, there's fart apps and blurry cat photos and whining. But that's not all there is to it.

That's all I have. Here I am blogging again. I'm missing a reader though.Mom playing Words With Friends on her iPod Touch on the front porchThis is just a placeholder.I did not post in May 2010.This is just a placeholder.I did not post in June 2010This is just a placeholder.I did not post in August 2010Grief is lightning swift. Appearing at intervals that seem random. Overpowering. Agonizing. Then gone as swiftly as it comes.

Irritating.GriefTwo Mom related items for today:

For those of you who are friends and family of Phyllis, we have made a DVD of the Memorial Mass for her held at Our Lady of Nazareth Church on November 6, 2010. Just send me your address and we'll get it out to you.

Also, We have been moved by the outpourings of sympathy that have come our way, and we think Mom would be so pleased at the donations made to Roanoke Area Ministries and Madonna House in her name.Phyllis Crawford: Memorial Mass DVD, DonationsAve Maria was a favorite song of my Mom's. It was played at her Wedding on June 15, 1968 at St. Rita's Catholic Church in San Diego, California. And it was also played at her beautiful Memorial Mass on November 6, 2010 at Our Lady of Nazareth Catholic Church in Roanoke, Virginia.

Below are both versions:

Ave Maria - Lee Eddy (brother-in-law)

http://files.artlung.com/rememberphyllis.com/Ave%20Maria.mp3

Ave Maria - Louella Algarva (mother-in-law to Phyllis' sister Bea)

http://files.artlung.com/artlung.com/weddingtape/Ave%20Maria.mp3Ave Maria, a favorite of my MomIn some ways, I feel as though I'm reborn. Not precisely in the sense that some Christian sects refer to being "born again"--but not entirely dissimilar.

I find myself really missing the fact that my Mom is reading this blog and can send me an email in reply. I miss the fact that occasionally she would print out posts for her own memory and to show my father.

And yes, that habit, of Capitalizing "Mom" is a habit I think I got from her. I think. She would refer to her Dad, when talking about him. She revered her father, and missed him terribly. He died in 1988. And his death and his memory profoundly affected her. She of course lived a vibrant life. She wanted to live life to its' fullest, and I wonder if some of that was a being so affected by loss. I don't know and can't find out now.

But I find myself wanting to improve. To do more with the precious time I have. What can I do? I know that going on as I have, as a flaky and unreliable person to many people--this can't go on. I've been reliable to many, and certainly I've been loyal to my family, but I let so much slide in the past few years. I am taking stock and trying to figure out what to do with myself.

It's a kind of painful rebirth. Birth is.

And so, everything is new. Again.Painful RebirthLeah and I went back to California for Thanksgiving. Highlights included Thanksgiving with a turkey roasted in a Hotel room, quality time with the kids, who are now ages 16 to 21 and we are so proud of them; a playoff game for the boys that they unfortunately lost; seeing Tangled, which was good, going to a pub that was pretty good called Ladyface with Devon; visiting with my friend Chris and his great kids Diana and Zac (my godson); including having his tire go flat on the way to Kinokuniya in Costa Mesa; free wifi on Virgin America airlines both ways; reconnecting with my friend Vince and his beautiful family and house on the way from DC to Roanoke.

Lots of love, lots of learning. I'm thankful for safe travels and so much generosity of spirit from everyone we saw and have heard from. Still sending off DVDs to all who ask for them.

Just stepping through life and trying to thrive as Mom would want us to. Glad to be here with my Dad.

First major holiday without Mom. Difficult. Alien. But time passes.
Thanksgiving Trip ReduxIn Wikipedia, about the Kbler-Ross model, it's said of the "5 stages of grief (denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance)" this (the emphasis is mine):


Kbler-Ross claimed these steps do not necessarily come in the order noted above, nor are all steps experienced by all patients, though she stated a person will always experience at least two. Often, people will experience several stages in a "roller coaster" effectswitching between two or more stages, returning to one or more several times before working through it.

Significantly, people experiencing (or caretakers observing) the stages should not force the process. The grief process is highly personal and should not be rushed, nor lengthened, on the basis of an individual's imposed time frame or opinion. One should merely be aware that the stages will be worked through and the ultimate stage of "Acceptance" will be reached.


I can verify the observation of bouncing back and forth, particularly with the death of my Mother recently. Prior deaths and traumas, my cousin by suicide in the 1990s; the implosion and dissolution of my first marriage; the death of my Grandfather last year, were in retrospect much "cleaner" and I think followed the classic sequence closely.

Currently I'm experiencing all five them, often the space of the same day or few hours. The lack of a coherent "plan" for how to view my day or week is very hard, but I'm managing to get some things done, thankfully.

So I push forward and onward.
K-R Grief ObservationQuote of the Day, from Clay Shirky's Wikileaks and the Long Haul:

The key, though, is that democracies have a process for creating such restrictions, and as a citizen it sickens me to see the US trying to take shortcuts. The leaders of Myanmar and Belarus, or Thailand and Russia, can now rightly say to us "You went after Wikileaks' domain name, their hosting provider, and even denied your citizens the ability to register protest through donations, all without a warrant and all targeting overseas entities, simply because you decided you dont like the site. If that's the way governments get to behave, we can live with that."


QOTD: Clay Shirky on Wikileaks and the US Government

(this week: was sick, and my dad was sick, and leah was sick, and our van got worked on, and it snowed like crazy, and my laptop pretty much died without good backups, and i fixed the laptop and got a backup system in place, and i shoveled snow, and my dad got better, and i downloaded the 30 day trial of illustrator, and i made this batman semi-chibi)BatmanToday marks Leah's and my six year anniversary. I am so thankful she is in my life. No marriage is "easy," but some are rewarding partnerships filled with love and adventure. Thank you, Leah, for sharing our lives together.

6 Years Married

Sure miss my Mom today, but the spirit of joy is alive and well. And it's snowing like crazy today. Very Christmas-y.

Also, footnote for this poster.Merry Christmas!(bold items sung by Kirsty MacColl)
(otherwise sung by Shane McGowan)
(bold and red by both)
(lyrics from pogues.com)

On YouTube, a live version, and an incomplete version.

It was Christmas Eve babe
In the drunk tank
An old man said to me
"Won't see another one"
And then he sang a song
The Rare Old Mountain Dew *
I turned my face away
And dreamed about you

Got on a lucky one,
Came in eighteen to one;
I've got a feeling
This year's for me and you
So Happy Christmas
I love you baby
I can see a better time
When all our dreams come true

They've got cars big as bars,
They've got rivers of gold
But the wind goes right through you--
It's no place for the old
When you first took my hand
On a cold Christmas Eve
You promised me Broadway was waiting for me

You were handsome
You were pretty
Queen of New York City
When the band finished playing
They howled out for more
Sinatra was swinging,
All the drunks they were singing
We kissed on a corner
Then danced through the night

The boys of the NYPD choir
Were singing "Galway Bay" *
And the bells were ringing out
For Christmas day

You're a bum
You're a punk
You're an old slut on junk
Lying there almost dead on a drip in that bed
You scumbag, you maggot
You cheap lousy faggot
Happy Christmas your arse
I pray God it's our last

The boys of the NYPD choir
Were singing "Galway Bay"
And the bells were ringing out
For Christmas day

I could have been someone--
Well so could anyone
You took my dreams from me
When I first found you
I kept them with me babe
I put them with my own
Can't make it all alone
I've built my dreams around you

The boys of the NYPD choir
Were singing "Galway Bay"
And the bells were ringing out
For Christmas day


Fairytale of New York, selectively annotated.Lord, if you're there, it'll be okay, if not, I'm screwed.

And a bonus quote from Danny Trejo:

"Everything good that has happened in my life, has been a direct result of helping someone else."

from ChampionDanny Trejo's PrayerWell, hello, happy new year. It's time to get back in the swing of things after a long hiatus.

Back in March of last year, I wrote a long piece about Chris and I blogging over at nuevaciudad.tumblr.com. Well, We have not stopped. Just assume the good posts are all by Chris and not me. It's a hodgepodge of science fiction, futures past, design, entertainment with an SF slant, and other ephemera we enjoy.

I really enjoy Tumblr, despite their recent extended, embarrassing downtime. It's really about curation, you know. Back when I posted about tumblr last year, nobody was using it. I wonder if any more of you are using it since then?

The death, slowly, of things like LiveJournal depresses me. Facebook really is wonderful, but it really does not allow for the same kind of personalization and publication as the older school blogging tools did. Then again, there are so many more people using the web to express themselves, it makes sense that we come online in tribes, and why not have everyone go to the same place so we can all talk to each other? But the roach motel aspect of it--content goes in--hard to let it be shared more broadly--it worries me that it's all on one domain.

We've been tumblr-ing for 16 months now. I expect it to continue. Though I do make regular backups with their Mac app.Tumblr, continued.More noodling (since this noodling) with Illustrator.

ArtLung, 2011Fragment from Bruce Sterling:

I once had a long bus-ride with a reeking, sweaty, jittery madman who had clearly once been a formidably intelligent and very well-read scholar. It seemed pretty clear to me that it had been a long time since anybody had been able to indulge him in a conversation. Although, he couldn't really "converse," because his cognitive deficits no longer allowed him a coherent train of thought. There was something pitiful yet majestic about that guy. He was like a fragmentary Roman ruin.

He brought it up after reading about the incident of murder and attempted assassination of Gabrielle Giffords. As a person who dealt with a small number of schizophrenics working at the public library, then a rather larger share working in hospitals, it evokes many memories. Aged men, ailing, incoherent, emitting fragments of fascinating talk. I never had much time for them, I had work to do, and even when treating them, when my task was over, the "conversations" ended.

My wish for this country is that we can tone down the rhetoric. Sarah Palin will take the brunt of this criticism, and that is fair. She has been a firebrand, prideful about her ownership and firing of guns, her salesmen use gun and shooting words "DON'T RETREAT, RELOAD" and using gunsights as map markers against competitors is just no good. It's consistent with the very violent history of this country, sadly. My hope is that we can work together and fix what ails the country without shouting or shooting at each other. Now is not the time for a violent revolution. It's just not. Anyone who uses this kind of rhetoric needs to be told to tone it down. There's enough death and violence in the world without using it in politics.Anecdote of the Day

Sneak Preview of the Cover of The Stranger This Week, Created by Dan Savage and Aaron Huffman

The power of graphic design to communicate sometimes rattles me to my core.
The Power of Graphic Design: Politics

For some reason this video--Fancy by Reba McEntire--has stuck with me as a kitsch cheese masterpiece since I first saw it maybe 20 years ago. The song and I think the video too were released in 1990. It is over-the-top melodrama and until I looked it up, I had no idea it was a cover of a song from 1969, by Bobbie Gentry.

For some reason the refrain:

Here's your one chance Fancy don't let me down!

...has become a funny line I can amuse myself/annoy myself (and my wife) with. I may have had the song on my iPod as a joke at one point. I don't have it anymore. Too much annoyance now. But whenever I see Reba or am put face to face with melodrama, I think of it. It's like an avatar of earnest, outlandish bathos.

And now I have inflicted it on you, should you choose to watch or listen to it.FancySpeech by President Obama.

Memorial in Arizona

Back at Thanksgiving, I got a chance to carry around my Mom's iPod Touch while travelling. During that time I experimented with Foursquare (which I had some time back) and Gowalla. One of the things I did was mention I was on a plane in a tweet, and I got many twitter replies from random people in Indonesia asking me to help them get the Mile High badge.

I didn't know much what to think of it, and more or less ignored it. But on the return flight I asked those folks who asked a) how would I do this and b) what would they give me for it. The answer to a) was that they would give me their usernames and passwords and just trust me, and b) was that they didn't have much to offer, but that if I ever came to Indonesia they could give me good tips.

As near as I can figure, some folks really love Foursquare and play it as a game. They treat the badges as collectibles and are willing to go pretty far, but not too far, to get each and every badge.

It was a great example to me of how compelling "gamification" can be:

Gamification is the use of game play mechanics for non-game applications (also known as "funware"), particularly consumer-oriented web and mobile sites, in order to encourage people to adopt the applications. It also strives to encourage users to engage in desired behaviors in connection with the applications. Gamification works by making technology more engaging, and by encouraging desired behaviors, taking advantage of humans' psychological predisposition to engage in gaming. - source: Wikipedia

I don't have much more to say about it, but games and game mechanics have been on my mind for awhile, and particularly since I saw Jesse Schell's talk in February last year. It's worth reposting here.

Mile HighWell this is cool: Warren Ellis noticed Brett's article "How to sell your book or comic for the iPad & iPhone without Apples help." Warren Ellis is pretty awesome.

You may remember Massive Sqwertz as the site I did the theme for. I also read and enjoy it. You can follow Massive Sqwertz too: @massivesqwertz.Warren Ellis Notices Massive Sqwertz It's rather hard to believe that it was only 13 months ago my Mom, Leah and I were going to see the film Precious at a local movie theater. Sometimes it seems utterly impossible that she won't be going to see the latest Oprah-endorsed film with us. Perhaps we'd go to Roadhouse afterwards. Perhaps she'd say that she really liked the film, but it was rather more intense than she expected.

Altogether the feeling of missing my Mother remains sporadic and inconsistent and gut-wrenching. Seeing an item of hers, or a bit of her handwriting, or hearing a song she loved on the PA at a store, or nearly anything can trigger it. Or sometimes, it's not even triggered. Sometimes the emotion attendant to missing my mother kicks me in the teeth, sometimes it just seems vaguely sad, sometimes it just feels like an error. "I'm sorry, did you say 'my mother is dead?'--because I'm afraid you're mistaken, we just ate lunch with her the other day."

But reality will out, always. That's hard.

We had my parent's handyman fix the toilet yesterday. First time seeing him since my Mom passed. He asked me "where's your Mother's attitude in you?" He's a blunt man, but the question is worthwhile. I've been down in the mouth and making a habit of it does nobody any good.

So I'll press on and try and make the change I talked about in November.PreciousJoe Bennion has a beautiful post over on his blog: The baking dish. It's about different ways to work. Here's the crucial bit:

...he and I work differently to get to the same point. His approach involves a series of thumbnail sketches and maquettes, from which one is chosen to be executed full scale. I work by making a lot of pieces in series (read: production work), without a lot of conscious thought given to each individual piece. After the firing I will select the one or two that have that thing that I cant articulate but recognize when I pick them up and examine them with my eyes and my hands.

And here's the pot:



And here's the dish from back in 1985, featured in a NCECA show catalog:



A piece of art that is also functional. Awesome.

I miss the love of craft. I miss putting in the work. I can find those things if I look.The Best Life A Pot Can HaveIn August of last year I got an email from a fellow who was watching Bones on Netflix, and, well, here's what they said:

Hi Joe,

You don't know me, and I don't know you, but I saw something odd in a fraction of a second on a TV show, and it lead me to writing this e-mail.

I was watching Netflix on a tiny screen while working, and this one scene shows a character "searching the web" using AOL.  For whatever reason, the PREVIOUS address the character was looking at was still showing, and out of curiosity I froze and captured the screen (attached JPEG).

It was your web site!  Isn't that odd?
Okay, maybe it isn't and you know all about this because you prepare prop screens for TV shows and I'm just a dullard.

Anyway, the show was BONES, season 1, episode 9 "The Man in the Fallout Shelter"
Your web site URL can be seen at 31:50 into the show.

And I replied with this:

You just blew my mind.

Just logged into Netflix and saw the same thing. Thanks for the great instructions.

I don't do anything with the entertainment business right now. I used to work with some interactive firms who built public websites, but never have I worked on displays targeted for tv.

Here's the screenshot.



I still have no idea why it would be that my url might be in a tv show screenshot from 2005 like that. "Isn't that odd" indeed.That Time When My URL Appeared On The TV Show BonesIn about 1985, at San Diego Comic-Con, I received a free copy of the weekly Comic Buyer's Guide (Wikipedia says it's the longest running English-language periodical reporting on the American comic book industry). I got myself a subscription and I was hooked.

It was a tabloid, newsprint at the time. But I loved getting that in the mail every week. One of my favorite parts of CPG was the column "The Law Is A Ass*" by Bob Ingersoll. That it is online is new to me, but you can apparently read some of those old columns at http://www.worldfamouscomics.com/law/. I'm hoping some of the old 1980s material is in there as well. The column took legal issues in the comics seriously. It would address things like "what legal recourse would I have if my car was crushed by the Hulk" and such. Sometimes they would take reader questions, and sometimes they would discuss current story arcs.

I'm delighted to read an interview with James Daily and Ryan Davidson. James and Ryan are two lawyers who created a blog in November 2010 called Law and the Multiverse, and they seek to cover similar ground. Want a discussion of superpowered minors entering into contracts? I'm hooked.

"The Law Is A Ass" was named from a line in Oliver TwistComics and the LawI currently have the flu, bigtime. Correspondence is at zero. I'll try and catch up later today and tomorrow. I regret the lack of communication but hope to catch up soon.Miserable sickBrett Jackson is a designer who's been working the web since 1997. He left his cushy gig as Art Director for Google in New York to move to Switzerland with his wife. He has recently relocated again to Los Angeles where he freelances Flash and graphic design.

In April 2010, Brett began working on a web comic called Massive Sqwertz - a comedy about a giant Smurf.

(There are two important things to keep in mind about the following interview: the both the questions and the answers have been creatively and collaboratively edited. Sorry, that was only one thing. Oh, now I remember, this will definitely get silly and snarky).

Isn't it about time you gave up the ghost?

This interview is over. I didn't come here to be insulted. (Rustling) --How do I get this microphone off? Can somebody-- I need-- Is there a sound guy? (Rustling)

That's right, walk away. Just like you've walked away from everything. (Yelling) Just like you'll walk away from Massive Sqwertz!

Hold it right there, mister! I understand that it takes time to build an audience but I can't wait around forever. If audiences aren't biting then maybe my time would be better used taking a shot at something else. That's just sensible resource allocation!

If you don't have a respectable audience by strip 50 then, your feeling is, you never will. So how do you measure audience in a situation like this?

To feel like I'm succeeding, I need a growing readership. If my readership is low and nobody is evangelizing the strip then I regard that as a symptom of low quality in the strip that I'm not sophisticated enough to detect.

They say that high-achievers tend to focus on their failings and not their successes, so I'll try to hear what you're saying there. It's possible you're being unnecessarily harsh on yourself!

Sure - absolutely. But site metrics don't lie - failing to meet a goal means that there's likely something wrong. If I'm making an ass of myself because of an imperfect understanding of the medium, I'd like a chance to correct that.

So that argues for putting in more work on the project, sporto?

Or maybe the next new project.

I feel like you've created a very worthy set of strips. As of this interview, you've done 48 full-color, 4-panel strips. You've done this over the course of 9 months. You've put in a helluva a job of work here Brett. Why not continue--Massive Sqwertz--and let the audience find you on their own time?

Why jump into yet another project with an imperfect understanding of that medium?

You've got brass, Joe Crawford. I'll give you that, you briny so-and-so.

Watch the language pal, I'll come straight through this Google Doc and we'll donnybrook! Wait is that a verb?

It's verb enough for this interview. But donnybrook me and find yourself in a brannigan.

Okay, okay, let's take it down a notch, pardner.

Something unique in your strip is that it really cares about drawing. So many webcomics get away with stick-figures or even clip art. They're not all terrible, but many, many are. What are the pros and cons of actually drawing your comic as opposed to shortcuts?

It takes FOREVER. However crude my comic may look to my professional friends, they should know it also takes a very long time. I like to say it takes me 3 hours to make a strip, but in reality it can be as much as 5. That's starting the clock after it's written.

And I use tons of shortcuts - I reuse a lot of artwork and only redraw when absolutely necessary - faces are about the only thing I always draw fresh.

I know there are better artists, I'm just trying to service the story and maybe look a little better than the next guy.

If that was your expectation, I think you nailed it, some would say you exceeded it. Let's rewind a bit -- when did you first decide to do a webcomic?

Well... the year a friend showed me how to "view source" on a web page - 1997. I realized anyone could make a webpage and the rest followed naturally. I have made previous attempts at web comics that were not this "successful."

I like the air quotes around "successful"-- it's a rare person who can damn himself with faint praise.

Thanks, Joe. I sure hope self-deprecating negativity is a turn on.

Did you read newspaper strips or comics? I imagine you'd have been a fan of folks like Lynda Barry and Matt Groening back when both were just in alternative weeklies. If not, what comics were the ones you looked forward to, and why?

I read the comics section of the newspaper growing up - preferring Calvin &amp; Hobbes, Bloom County and The Far Side. This was before Foxtrot and Bizarro which I love now. I bought and had confiscated 3 copies of Groening's "School is Hell."

What was the first drawing you ever put on the web?

I believe that was "Zappy." A robot mascot for my first website. Here he is.



He's awesome!

Thanks, I've been drawing Zappy in various forms as long as I've been drawing. He also starred in an earlier Brett Jackson webcomic about a man who lived with a bunch of robots.

What's the difference between something you draw on a tablet virtually

and something you draw on a physical surface like paper?

The paper provides a nicer grip on the nib of the pen and can fit in my back pocket.

The tablet is superior in every other regard - especially the hardware button that provides one-click "undo."

Were you encouraged to draw as a kid?

People bought me crayons. My grandma let me have her typing paper.

You've encouraged people to do webcomics in your own way. You wrote "The NOT .99 Method: How to sell your book or comic for the iPad &amp; iPhone without Apple's help" a while ago and Warren Ellis recently linked to it. What prompted the writing, and the linking?

The writing: my own frustrations with mobile publishing triggered a neat idea. I thought that idea could be helpful to other creators, so I wrote it up.

The linking: I believe Warren Ellis discovered the Not .99 method from a forum post by friend and badassss comics creator Dan Goldman.

Folks should definitely take the time to read it.

Okay, let's dive into tools. What tools do you use in making your webcomic?

Flash and a Wacom Tablet. See, now that was the kind of question I expected from this interview.

Do you find it a bit strange to use an interactive and multimedia tool to create static images?

To a man with a hammer, every problem looks like a nail. Flash is my hammer. I'm fastest in Flash and there's no more versatile tool, IMHO. I've used Flash to make fonts, posters, applications and screensavers (as well as sites, games, and banners).

Would you mind going into more detail on how you use Flash?

I start with a stage size that's 768 x 512, twice as big as the final output size, and break the design into five discrete layers in the timeline...



Here's the background layer. I like to reuse environments whenever I can so I generally draw them too big and then scoot the drawing around to highlight different parts of it.



Next up is the foreground layer where I drop what is effectively clip art (that I've drawn) on to the stage and arrange the parts like a paper doll. Gargledoo is generally only one piece of art whether he's in his wizard's robe or hideous principal's suit. Tiny is made up of the ten (or more) individual parts of his body.



Next is the custom layer where I generally draw faces, arms and hands. I draw those custom in each comic because facial expressions carry so much of the emotional weight. I'd cheat on that too if I thought it would still look good.

Those disconnected tails you see belong to the word bubbles up on the "text layer."

I use a dynamic glow effect around my text bubbles instead of standard comic word balloons (after much internal debate) because I think they're demonstrably better. Fundamentally they don't need to be drawn, they automatically adjust to the contours of the text and they take up less room in the panel.

They're non-standard and so I'm a little worried about taking the audience out of the experience, but I believe in them so I'd rather normalize them with use than avoid them out of fear.



What version of Flash do you use?

I use the newest version - though everything I need to do Sqwertz has been in since Flash 8.

How would you change your workflow if you were going to animate the comic?

Very little. I'd make the comic as-is, I'd select everything on the stage and then I'd click "distribute to layers." Once the individual artifacts are on their own layers you simply add keyframes and tweak their positions. Go Flash.

Despite reasonably high production values, a very nice website, audiences have failed to respond to Massive Sqwertz - where do you go from nowhere?

I don't... I don't know. What... do you think I should I do?

Okay, let's assume this WILL be the end of Massive Sqwertz. What are the lessons you've learned?

The only answer I can give is sort-of self-collapsing: don't do it for "results." Do it only if you can do it indefinitely without expectation of reward. We're entitled not to the fruit of our labors, only our labors.

So, if that's my answer, how can I end it?

I don't know either. But I love the work you've put in and would love to see it progress for my own personal reasons: so I can read it!

Thanks, Joe! That really means a lot. I'm very susceptible to praise.

Brett, you've been very generous with your time, thanks and if I had a live audience I'd be asking them to applaud!Interview with Brett Jackson, creator of Massive Sqwertz

Closing Keynote: Vernacular Video by Bruce Sterling on how media morph over time. Chief insight I've read before but never heard: to look forward in time, you have to also look twice as far back into the past.Bruce Sterling on Vernacular Video

Since I've known how to draw or create, I have made self-portraits in words. I always include down the places I have been, and where I may go next. I also include how I identify myself.

(this was made on a Mac and used to be part of the non-professional part of my portfolio, I'm moving that out of there and into the blog).
Askew and Askance, 1992

Age 23.

I was dabbling with Micron Pigma .005 pens, an extremely cheap but fine-line pen I discovered a few years before. The style and attitude of this rendering I will leave the viewer to judge.

Color added digitally, 1999.Self Portrait, 1993

This is the first digital self portrait I ever did. An acquaintance was getting tattooed and my pal Erin took a picture of me in this biker vest - something I can't imagine wearing otherwise, by the way. Anyway, I matted that to a postcard of some Italian Basilica (giving me a somewhat strange messianic look, I suppose). Note the use of my AOL address
First Digital

When it was slow in the California Hospital - L.A. ER I would sometimes play in Microsoft Paint. Operating System used: Windows 3.1.
Emergency Room Wallpaper, 1997

From 1988, this is a charcoal sketch of my sister's cat Ferris. Ferris, a girl, was still a kitten at the time.

She is shown here lounging on my backpack.


Ferris in Repose

I only have this photo to show I made this illustration. I used to draw, sketch, and paint headshots of women all the time. It was a real habit for a while after high school. Most of that work was pretty much useless - but this is an image of one illustration I'm kicking myself over. I think it got damaged during a move and was unsalvageable. It was done with an odd combination of brush and india ink and charcoal. I like it a lot.

Girl Illustration Photo (1989)The first self-portrait was executed in high school. I didn't like high school. My appearance is anxious, as I no doubt was. The medium is marker on paper, and I watercolored on top of a photocopy of that marker drawing. It's the first self portrait I ever made I was really happy with. It's from 1986.



As the "Lung" portion of www.artlung.com indicates, I was once in medicine. This line drawing is from that era. I added color to the original drawing in 1999, using Photoshop. My appearance is serious, and maybe a bit weary. This is what I wore clinicals - a white lab coat. Clinicals take place in the hospital, actually carrying out health care tasks. It's from 1991, and yes, I really did have a mustache like that. It is not a choice I would make again.

Self Portraits 86 / 91

I think I did this in about 1989, but I'm not totally sure on that. Pen and ink, with watercolored. I think I must have been thinking about Jean "Moebius" Giraud's work when I started.

I'm reminded again that watercolor is a heartless, well-nigh-impossible medium. Folks who can do it, even as hacks, have my respect.Watercolor Spacesuit

Exclamate in Desolation, Oxymandias Melancholia Revisited



Parenthetical Postnuclear Mise En Scne



The Holy Visitation of the Floating Asterisk of Concrete



Giant Semicolon; Dusty, Arizona, 2106 A.D.


Strange Landscapes

Ink and watercolor, Summer 1988, based on a pencil sketch of a friend.Watercolor Girl

Black and white self-portrait.

I was 18, thus the incredibly self-conscious narcissism.
Self-portrait photo, 1988I'm not sure what I think of these now. They're interesting graphic designs, and definitely I used what I learned from them when I made my headers. I'm not sure they qualify as art.



Untitled, 1997.




Untitled. 11 June 2000."Art"

Receipt Poetry, 1999Receipt Poetry, 1999

Another oldie, an illustration enhanced with Photoshop. It makes me wish I had the original drawing.VampireFor my High School Prom, I was asked to do the program. It was quite an honor. What I wanted to do was have a kiss featured. Here's a sketch of what I presented:



I used to consider it censorship, but I suppose that was my first big run-in with design and audience considerations. This was for the University of San Diego High School, and all-in-all I do feel honored to have been chosen to design the program.



What's ironic is that one of the main things I think about from High School with regards to drawing is that in my Freshmen drawing class, the teacher, on the first day, told me I was holding my pencil wrong and I subsequently never listened to a single thing she said.

I can be a stubborn jerk.

Update: I didn't realize I had mentioned the pencil thing before: Lil' Johnny Crivello, 1983.Prom Program, 1987Hey look! For no reasons! Ancient animated GIFs I made.










Animated GIFs

After High School, I flailed.

Which is to say I took classes at Mesa College without much of a focus. I enjoyed these classes. Drawing, History of Film, Psychology, Design, Architectural Drafting, Philosophy, Marketing, Broadcasting, Broadcast Studio Operations. This was in 1987-1988 -- before we moved to Roanoke Virginia and I shifted my focus to Respiratory Therapy.

One class I really enjoyed, but that was technically challenging was Drafting. It took hard work to get "right" but the effort was good. It was utterly different from the free form cartooning I was used to doing. I learned a lot in that class. I think what I learned can be summed up in the spirit of the quotation from this lettering exercise.

THESE STROKES; THIRD. THE DEVELOPMENT OF A HIGH DEGREE OF PRECISION IN FORMING AND SPACING OF LETTERS IN ANY OF THE VARIOUS TYPES OF LETTERS UNIFORMITY IS VERY ESSENTIAL.

APPROXIMATELY EQUAL. ALMOST ANYONE CAN LEARN TO LETTER IF PERSISTENT AND INTELLIGENT IN HIS EFFORTS. WHILE IT IS TRUE THAT "PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT" THERE MUST BE CONTINUOUS EFFORT TO IMPROVE. NO MATER HOW WELL THE LINE WORK OF A DRAWING HAS BEEN DONE, THE DRAWING MAY BE RENDERED ACTUALLY USELESS BY POOR LETTERING.


In short, work hard, get better, pay attention to details.

One of my favorite aspects of that class was the fact that we took a field trip to the Nissan Design Studio in La Jolla. It was an inspiration to see them actually applying some of the things we had learned in the class. And even more satisfying in retrospect was the fact that I smuggled my friend Chris Greazel into the class. At the time he was attending Cal State Fullerton and he made the trip special, a two hour drive for about a 2 hour visit.Vertical Capital Letters

High School. Loved to draw. Back of a notebook. Anger is an energy!

I remember the marker - it was one of those intensely smelly Japanese markers. It was short and oh-so inky.The Tan Punk, 1985

Another back of a notebook, like this one previously. I'm so glad my Mom saved these old papers.Cigarette Man, 1985

And here is more notebook detritus from my spotty post-High School academic career. From the evidence this was from my Philosophy class at Mesa College.Brush Pen Doodles, 1988

Prior punks: tan punk, post-punk, cyberpunk, leather jacket girl punk.1980s Punk

Sometimes I took really, really pretty notes. Here's "The Business Cycle" from the marketing class I took at Mesa College. It was held in one of the rooms in building B-100. I think I learned a fair amount in that class. For a seventeen year old, I think I did well.

I really like the letterforms.The Business Cycle

Patrick Pidgeon was my Philosophy Professor at San Diego Mesa College in 1987. It was a great class and still ranks among my favorite in-class learning experiences. Pidgeon had a way of dissecting philosophical material, and especially language in a way that was challenging and engaging. It was such a good experience for me that I recommended my Mom take his class. She did, and she very much enjoyed it. In fact, in the year since Leah and I have been back in Roanoke, my Mom probably mentioned Pidgeon and his class half a dozen times.

I have no idea what "tomocracy" is in this drawing.



"Tomocracy" I think would be "governance by drinking" -- I'm thinking that the word I missed was actually "autocracy" maybe. And here's what looks like notes on Plato's "Allegory of the Cave:"



And here's a cartoon of what was one of Pidgeon's explorations of the origins of words and how they apply to meanings now, ruler as a measuring device, ruler as the "standard:"


Professor PidgeonMore messy doodles from High School. I like some of the ink work here, as spot illustrations I really like them.



I wonder, is anyone reading this?Notebook Cover, 1984Back in November I talked about using my Mom's old iPod Touch.

In 2009 I got a second generation Kindle as a gift for my birthday (I asked for it) and that got me reading a bit more, but not as much as I thought it was.

I'm an avid Podcast listener, and I kept hearing people mention Instapaper. Around the same time as MAS talked about it (Using Instapaper for Web Legibility) I acquired the app for the iPod touch. I've found much the same thing: so many websites have become laden with ads and sidebars and nonsense that it's hard to simply read. The computer is losing as a place for quality reading experiences. The rise of phones and tablets and e-readers shows us this. The form factor is better--more portable.

Reading at length requires focus. Computers don't offer that.

What's interesting is that there's a flipside to distraction-free reading. Distraction-free writing. I talked about that in 2007 in a post called JDarkroom and focus.

I had never thought about the symmetry of reading and writing at length requiring focus, but it's a moderately insightful thing.

Although the insight that things with any level of complexity might require some concentration, and so, require focus, might be a tautology.

Summarized: Instapaper is worth looking at if you like to read.Reading on the web

YET. ANOTHER. COVER. From High School. The kid in the uniform is called "The Punk" and I have a few drawings of him. Not particularly interesting in retrospect. The backstory for The Punk was something rather like Kick-Ass. Basically, a teenage kid, trying to be a "realistic" superhero. No powers, some cool gadgets. In some versions I believe he had some electrified brass knuckles. I never wrote any actual stories, mind you. But I made lots of spot illustrations.Notebook Cover, 1985I like podcasts quite a bit, and one of my favorites for many many years (at least since 2004) has been IT Conversations.

If I loved all their stuff, all I have to do it load up iTunes and subscribe. If I'm old school I can get the RSS feed link and do Advanced -> Subscribe To Podcast... inside iTunes.

If, however, I don't like all of it, if there's one particular host whose voice has consistently annoyed me, I might have to customize the feed so I never ever have to listen to that host ever. So I fire up Yahoo! Pipes and create this recipe. The recipe is very simple, it takes the existing feed, then runs it through a Filter that blocks any items that include the terms that annoy me.



And after that, I need not listen to cloying interviewers who talk over their guests and think they are funnier than they are.Filtering a Podcast Feed with Yahoo PipesMade with the Brushes app for Mom's iPod Touch.



It is rather small and awkward to work on, but I'm starting to get a sense of how to use it creatively.

Update: I've added the Brushes video export to the New City blog: making of. It's really fun to see the strokes.Redman

Leahpeah has been making some really, really wonderful items in her etsy store. Leah's Messenger/Laptop Bags

I have a lot of old images on my site that are unseen. Here's one that I upsized from an older version. I remember making it in the late 1980s and scanned it in the 1990s.

I also found pieces of what were old headers--from September 2002. I've recreated them from the images as 9/1/2002 and 9/4/2002. In my next post I'm going to discuss the changes I'm making to this site.Virginia LandscapeAs I mentioned, I've been doing extensive reclamation of my blog archives in such a way that old headers get displayed. So you can see that in action for the Blog Archives from September 2002.



The first row is is a set of buttons: back one year, back one month, archives for the current year, then 12 buttons representing each of the months of the current year, then forward one month, and forward one year. If any of these are outside the range of content for the blog, the buttons are disabled.

The second row is a set of buttons which are actually screenshots for the available headers I made in that month. In the screenshot below you can see there were three headers for that month. These buttons show the appropriate header dynamically with JavaScript on click. The buttons only show up if there is more than one header available. If there's only a single header for that month, no buttons are displayed, if no headers were made in that month, what is displayed is the most recent header that was made. For example, in 2005, only two headers were made, and you can see as you visit each successive month, the headers scarcely change.

For annual archives, I show the current header, though I'm not sure that's the right approach. Now that I've gotten to the point where I have so much content that it's hard to make it available, except with search, and it begs the question, who would want to read all that stuff? In any case from a design and user experience perspective I want to make it possible to get at that stuff if they would like to.

The next row is the header itself, which is self-explanatory.

And finally, the primary navigation is displayed, with a set of links representing what I think are the main parts of the site: blog, resume, drawings, portfolio, tag cloud, "popular stuff," flickr & twitter (both are outbound links and get little color circles representing the branded colors of those sites), then a link for contact.

The WordPress Graphical Post Count Visualization tool I built last year was a similar effort to give people a sense of how many posts there are.



Another idea I have is some kind of graphical way to communicate about what kind of blog content is contained. If I were to create a tool to read blog posts and then graphically represent the content therein, that might be a great thing to add to the annual archives. If we take a word count of a post, that may represent say, a block of a certain size. More words is a bigger block. If there are many anchor tags, what we may actually have is a giant list of links. If there are fewer, but still a long word count, that is more likely to be an essay. If there are many img tags, then perhaps what it is is lots of photos. If this could be condensed in such a way that's clean, you could quickly find longer essays of mine. Let's say we also have a metric for the number of comments and inbound links, perhaps adding a color, you might be able to find interesting conversations. I have not done research on tools to help visualize blog content, but I think of it a bit like Edward Tufte's sparklines.

On pages for individual blog posts, there is an additional row with "next" and "previous" links. If you view this post itself, you can see the previous link show up. Once more posts appear on the site there will be a "next" post link as well.

My personal site has languished for several years. I've fought with myself about what the purpose of this site is, and this set of links represent a shot at that. As always a chance to create in PHP, JavaScript, and WordPress is a great learning experience.Visualizing and Emerging Blog Content

President Ronald Reagan (born February 6, 1911) driving the GM Citation IV concept in 1984.

via New City, a blog my friend Chris and I co-curate.Reagan in a concept car.New sketch: Batman.

Batman, 2011

The F-clef misses her contrabassoon.

previouslyStrange Landscapes #4. The F-clef misses her contrabassoon.Which is to say, I cried when the following people who I never met in my life died. I've been thinking about this for about a week and this is my list:

Stanley Kubrick.
Andy Warhol.


It's a shorter list than I would have thought. I can't remember specifically crying when any politicians died. For some reason I vividly remember Anwar Sadat's assassination, possibly because I watched it live on television (old-fashioned 3-network television). I also remember the killing of Benigno Aquino, because of my keen interest in the dissolution of the Marcos dictatorship, which we lived under for a few years. I was 13 years old and interested in politics, and the brazenness of the killing shocked me.

I may have cried when I heard about Challenger exploding. I was 16, and I think I was at work at Citizen's Western Bank, after school when I found out. But I'm not sure how that is possible as it happened in the early morning on a Tuesday in January. Could Uni High have been out of school that day for me?

I don't remember crying about the incidents of September 11th, 2001. I remember feeling profound and intense nausea and unease, but that's not the same thing. In contrast, when I watch the film United 93, I always cry. I don't think that film is much of a melodrama--designed to provoke an emotional response--but the events are so harrowing, and the way it puts you into that context is intense, and so, crying.

I've been stunned, dumbfounded by the deaths of real people I found out about after the fact. My life post-dates the assassinations of the 1960s. I've cried at movies about the deaths of people, but that's at a remove. I cry during the film Gandhi fairly reliably. I cried during the recent film Another Year, there's a funeral sequence there that evokes the deaths of my grandfather Joe and my mother Phyllis and suddenly I'm crying. But that's sort of a proxy, I'm projecting my own experience into the fiction onscreen. I can mourn JFK, RFK, and MLK, despite the fact that I was born after the 1960s. In fiction, I do tend to cry when huge-scale disasters, particularly nuclear war happen.

I'm an American male, and perhaps I'm wrong to use crying as a measure of emotional impact. There is a cultural taboo against excessive crying, I think. The past few months are an anomaly, the death of my Mom has clearly evoked more crying than I remember, ever. My father says that he does not remember me or my sister crying much. My mother told the story of my grandfather, her father, being worried about me as an infant because I didn't cry much. My grandpa was in a position to observe me quite a bit because my mother and I lived with my maternal grandparents for some time when I was first born, as my father was serving as a corpsman in Vietnam.

So why Kubrick and Warhol? Why did their deaths impact me so much that I cried? I vividly remember driving through Marina del Rey and hearing about Kubrick and instantly crying. I think it was because of the impact of 2001: A Space Odyssey , really. Kubrick operated at a level that I aspired to. It was the same with Warhol--I felt like I understood his character--peculiar, quixotic, but a kind of genius. And I suppose I was crying because their aesthetic choices, their iconoclasm, moved me and drove me. The snuffing out of the universe of possibilities they represented was a great loss.

As I've learned more concretely about loss and grief, I'm moved to consider what the deaths of strangers can mean. The death of hopes for the future is a huge component. I wanted to see what Warhol would do next. He was delightfully unpredictable. Kubrick too, was incredible at defying expectations and creating works that surprised. I suppose it's selfish in a way that my crying was not primarily about the loss of the person himself, the incredible impact of a death on their family and friends--it was for myself, and not being able to view the world through their future works of art.
I cried when these people died.Read it: Microsoft Buys Nokia for $0B

via Daring FireballHeadline of the Day: "Microsoft Buys Nokia for $0B"This morning I was playing around with Brushes App on an iPod Touch. I just found out that the Brushes Viewer can export existing drawings at higher resolution, or even a stroke-by-stroke video. Play it below or watch it on Vimeo: Sat. Sketch..




Sat. Sketch.

Crossposted to New City.RoboCop Valentine by Dresden CodakAs of today I have been blogging for 10 years. Here's my first post.

I've had a website for 15 years now.

In that time a lot has happened. I've gotten divorced. I've gotten married. I've been on the radio, twice. I became a stepfather. I've moved several many times. I founded several blogs and websites, sold several blogs and websites; I am very proud to have created the websandiego mailing list in 1999. In 2009, my grandpa died. At the end of 2009 Leah and I moved to Roanoke. At the end of 2010, my mom died. And tomorrow Leah and I will be moving back to the west coast, with the goal of landing in San Diego.

This is my 3,518th published post. The last comment made was the 1,917th. The next one will be the 1,918th one. I also have a bunch of other stuff on this site unrelated to the blog. For example, old writing. Some popular items are here.

I would like to thank you for reading, and for being a part of this adventure in all that time. This blog started on blogger.com with no comments, and I liked it that way.

Thank you to all who have commented and materially improved my life by reaching out by comment, email, twitter, and phone.

I remain mostly engaged with grief these days, but I'm coming out of it in the course of time.

Thanks, and, onward.TEN YEARSLeah and I managed to get all the way across the country in just 4 days. Then we picked up the kids, piecemeal, and turned right around and went to her parents' house in Southwestern Utah! It's been a driving extravaganza for us and really a joyful trip all around. This fine morning I find myself in the kitchen of my good friend Chris in Orange County. And by noontime Pacific time we'll be back in Sunny San Diego, America's Finest City&trade;.

I'm looking forward to seeing yet other parts of my family: so many Aunts and Uncles and Cousins. It will be hard, I think, to once again have distance between my Parent's Home in Roanoke and myself, and my sister is still way over in DC. My kids--stepkids--are still scattered thither and yon, from Chico to Sunnyvale to Moorpark, but it feels like the correct thing to get back to San Diego. It's where Leah and I met, and where we started our journey. We're ready for a new chapter, and San Diego, for the moment, feels right. Part of that is that is that we are getting reports that Grandma is weaker than she had been, and requiring more care. I'm also very excited to see what the explosion of mobile- and smartphones has done to the tech community in San Diego since I left. I'm hoping to be useful and inventive in that arena, and a larger city seems like the place to do that.

And I'll leave you with two drawings I did while Leah drove us west from St. George, on the way to California.



Go West Young Man!

Grandpa: "I pushed down and nothing happened..."

Grandma: "Push again!"

This is from March 10, 2009. Futzing with the camera to take a photo of the flowers in the front yard, and a perfect microencapsulation of my grandparents and how they worked on things together. My Grandma had a pretty debilitating stroke in 1982. Let me say that again, she had a pretty debilitating stroke in 1982 and has required more or less assistance with things since then. My Grandfather retired and they worked as a great team. I like to think Leah and I work as well together.

Sadly, we lost my grandfather in September of that year. My aunts and uncles have been rockstars taking care of my grandma now. And we have additional awesome caregivers during the day. Leah and I are here in that house now and get to observe and assist where we can during the day and overnight. We won't be in the house more than a month but we're honored that my grandma wanted us to stay here as we transition back to California life. All the family has been incredibly supportive.

My grandma took a bad turn last week, including a trip to the Emergency Department, but seems to be coming up to her baseline this week, including walking better with her walker when necessary. She is weaker than I remember last year, but I'm hoping she improves!

But time is precious. That's nothing new to those of you who have been following events chronicled on this blog for the past few years.

Time is precious, and we move onward, a day at a time."Push Again!"

A nice post by Leah. For quite a while, and maybe even now, all photos of me have the character of Grief in the room.Bas and Me plus GriefSo here's a photo from the room I'm staying in at Grandma's house:



And here's a photo, maybe a year or so old, of my Grandmother:



On Friday I opened an account for her on Facebook. She used to be an avid emailer. In fact, her email addresses was one of the first I used, on AOL. Unfortunately it's gotten harder for her to do email--sitting at a computer is a bit of a chore--her vision and motor skills are not as great, and her email account (on Yahoo!) only provides a web interface, which is fairly clunky. Facebook may be a middle-ground for us here. So the other day I printed (yes, printed out) her Facebook messages. She had some responses to the messages. I acted as her personal Facebook Secretary--I'm a Social Media Expert!--and transcribed her short reply.

I'm not really happy with this solution, but I'm hoping to get my hands on an iPad for her to try out at the beginning of April see how well that interface might work. The typing is a problem though. My Uncle actually set up a voice recognition program on her Windows XP machine (still running IE6!) some years ago, but that's yet a different brand of clunky. Add to that that her hearing is poor and she's quite a challenge for a UI designer.

She's a nonagenarian now, which is a fancy way to say she's 90 years old.

I'm sorry, I got myself off-track with that digression. I meant to write about what it's like to stay in her house, with a pile of things that have emotional weight for me. I've included a photo above of one thing. That is a photo of a statue of Mary. Oh, who's Mary you ask? In Christian teaching, Mary is the mother of Christ. Catholics, I think above most other Christian sects, hold Mary in very high esteem. Marian prayer features prominently in the Rosary, for example. I remember my Grandma and her friend telling me when I was a kid of how praying the Rosary would eventually stop communism. Here in 2010, with the lone holdouts of communist thought being North Korea and Cuba, I have to say Mary did a pretty good job.

The statue is one I purchased. I must've been 8 years old, and I bought it in the Philippines, specifically for my Grandma, because I think she would like it. Unfortunately during our travels back from Manila, it was damaged, but with help from my Mom I managed to glue the head back on. The thinking behind the purchase was a nice gift for my Grandma, of course, and she has kept it in her house for the last 3 decades. I think the blue of the statue is still beautiful. I loved totems and statuary as a kid. Religious iconography and architecture still has the power to move me, no matter the religion or sect.

Thinking back to the kid I was, I am fascinated by my serious-mindedness and devotion to Christ, and Mary, and the infinite magisterium of the Holy Roman Catholic Church. I have waxed and waned and even abandoned that Church to varying degrees in the intervening years. But the linkage to family the Church made for me has not declined. I was very excited to know that the Eucharistic Minister would come for my Grandma yesterday. And I am encouraging to her to be well enough to travel to Mass sometime in the future when she is more mobile.

Of course, for me, these days "mobile" has a whole other meaning. My dad now has a smartphone and he texts, texts! me from the road and on a regular basis. Leah and I are highly mobile right now. I'm playing Words With Friends with varying degrees of frequency with the kids. I find myself pulling out my Mom's iPod Touch more and more to play with Brushes, even if it's only for a nothing sketch like this one:



I'm not sure I have a coherent theme for the words you are reading now. I suppose I could talk about the Catholic Church's mobile confession app, but I don't know that much about it. In the meantime, I suppose I better get some work done, and perhaps listen to The Beatle's Let It Be, from which I stole the title of this post--well the line is actually "Mother Mary Comes To Me" I think--but I prefer my mishearing. Let It Be was made at the end of The Beatles career, as they were about the break up. It's about accepting the end of things. And I'm learning to come to terms with things, and move forward myself.

So here's to accepting the things I cannot change, and changing the things I can.Mother Mary Comforts Me

(And I am not sure whether that is good or bad)

(Good coffee though)

(Thanks for reading)I only made this because Claire de Lune is a COFFEEHOUSE with no WiFi.

Apparently Bluecoat's web content filtering product thinks my portfolio or my older portfolio have nudity on them.

That is not true.

I have never seen a workplace content filter that was worth the money paid for it. They always seem to make research harder.Workplace content filters are useless.Absolutely WONDERFUL Batmobile design by Chris Greazel over on our New City Blog.


Batmobile by Chris GreazelSo I'm back in San Diego. And part of my identity when I lived here was starting and cultivating the websandiego mailing list. It started on ONElist, and they were bought by eGroups, and eventually Yahoo! where it is now. It all started in March of 1999.

We've moved from Usenet and Friendster to MySpace, and now to Twitter and Facebook as mechanisms to connect people. We call these tools "social networks." And they are tools, just like classrooms and families and co-ops and governments and companies are tools. The Social Network is just making slightly more portable the connections we make in life.
Social networks, including the ancient listserv, embody social connection while also accomplishing other tasks. The intent of WebSanDiego as a mailing list was to foster connection among people who make things on the web. Here's the constitution I established, lo those many years ago:

WebSanDiego is an unmoderated mailing list for San Diegans and others in the area who work on the internet in general and on the World Wide Web in particular. It's a place to ask technical questions, discuss current design issues, speak about business, judge new servers, talk hosting and ISPs, or just plain talk about the fast forward world that is the WWW. You can share your time-saving tips, HTML tricks, share URLs, ramble, rant, n' rave, and generally talk about the web! The web is supposed to be about community, so why not let web developers learn from each other? This is THE List for the Web in San Diego.

When I lived here I truly lived the list. I took it as a component of my personality. The successes, friends and colleagues I still have in San Diego are attributable to the list.

In January of 2005 I moved away. My activity on the list diminished as I faced other challenges in my life.

In September of 2007 I left the list. Obviously my activity ceased then.

So I was curious about the list, and what became of it. Would it be worthwhile to join the list for me? What's happening? Well, there's less traffic. All questions can be answered, whether well or poorly, with a visualization. So here's a visualization of list traffic from 1999 to now using the number of posts counted on the Yahoo! main page.



This was a one-off visualization, but feel free to fork the code at https://gist.github.com/860932. The green part represents the time I was running the list and living in San Diego. The yellow represents the list when I was running the list but had moved away. And the dark gray represents the time after I left the list.

Here we are, 12 years after its founding, and I have rejoined the list. I am not an administrator of the list. Just a member. I'm not sure how much upside there is for a list like this now. We have twitter, and Facebook, StackOverflow, Meetup, and the excellent http://www.sdtechscene.org/ which shows San Diego has interesting tech and programming and web events nearly EVERY night.

It's a whole new world in 2011 then it was in 1999 or 2005 or 2007. It's good to be in San Diego again.

I have no idea what happens next.

Thanks for your attention,

Joe Crawford
websandiego founder WebSanDiego Mailing List VisualizationHey look! Noodling in Brushes.app (when, exactly will I stop noodling in that program? NEVER!!!) has produced a holiday-themed image. Santa Claus!



Holidays have been good to me since I was a kid. I loved to make custom greeting cards. Loved it! I got wonderfully positive feedback about them from anyone. I remember meticulously copying the little crown of "Hallmark" on the backs of my  cards. Somehow, using the Hallmark logo on my own card was a way of claiming legitimacy. When I got older I would put logos on the back denoting  "ART-C CARDS" (taken from my middle name, Arthur, and last initial, C for Crawford). Because why shouldn't I have a company?

Here's what that looked like in about 1990:



Here's an Easter card, and I get a lot of traffic from this Halloween Poster (which I did as a header in 2003), and from these pumpkin designs. For some reason I've been reticent to scan all my old Christmas and Holiday cards. I'm not sure exactly why, but perhaps I'll rectify that sometime. Holidays are pretty great. I really loved them as a kid.Santa Claus! (in March)

Yes, that is a terrific photo of you, Leah.Leah.Last night Leah, Erin (my friend of, uh, 23 years?), and I went out, and after dinner at CrazeeBurger, we landed at LeStats on Park, a coffeehouse that is open 24 hours. It was great to reconnect and hang out, and Leah even got some fabric out of the deal.

Yes, I did some drawing.



There are reportedly some other photos of this drawing, and also of drawings by Erin and Leah, but those aren't posted anywhere yet. See over here on Night With Erin.A Night OutOn Saturday night Leah, Alexandra, Tamara Leeper and I went out to Ray at Night, an art walk on Ray Street here in San Diego. I mentioned attending Ray at Night in 2003, but I'm not totally sure what year I first went. They've been putting it on for almost 10 years.

Before we went to Ray Street, we rallied at LeStat's on Park, and I did some more drawing on my Mom's iPod Touch with Brushes.app. I'm particularly proud of this one:



I have to say I love whipping out the Touch and doing some drawing. I'm really surprised that I keep drawing. I've tried over the years to get back into drawing, and I carry paper and pens with me always, but the ease of having everything in my pocket, with a tool that is unlikely to inkily explode in my pants. Now, battery life is an issue, this 1st Gen iPod Touch does not last as long as I'd like, but it's enough to do a fair amount of drawing, and I can charge it in the car.

I also like the fact that I can easily get people to draw with it. I just offer it up and it's sort of like "instant fun!" for people. Even people who profess no drawing skill will try it out. I like that a lot. I have a fair number of drawings like that, here are two, one from Alex, one from Tam.



I think Alex's would make a rather nice print for a dress. Tam's reminds me of the excellent indie comic Tales of the Beanworld.

Ray at Night was cool. It's great to get inspired seeing other people's work. Even if I don't like it, or I find it pandering, or uninteresting, it's fun for me to react to the art. One I particularly liked was the work of Dani Dodge. She had some great pieces up. I liked two in particular: a Times Square scene called Crossing and one of the Paris Metro. We talked about big cities a bit, and though she had had a long day driving for her day job, and so looked tired, I troubled her for a photo of her in front of her work.



Dani asked me if I was an artist and I had no real answer, despite the fact that the name of this site is ArtLung and the "art" part is about "Art" with a capital "A" and not "Art" as in Arthur my middle name. My brain would not let me say "yes"--but my hands answered for me--I pulled out the Touch and showed her some of my sketches. I'm happy to share and proselytize the app. It really is a boon to be able to draw so easily and quickly.

And it is also awesome to be able to get out and see great art, have great conversations, and see great people back home in San Diego.Ray at Night and Other Delights

The Coffee Bean & Tea has been good to me in the past two weeks. Here's a coffee bean of thanks, courtesy, AGAIN, Brushes.app.Coffee Bean!On the day before yesterday, my grandmother, Jean (McCrainor) Crawford died peacefully at home. That makes my Grandma, Mom, and Grandpa all in the last two years.

You can read a bit more about my Grandma in Leah's post Grandma This Morning.

You can read about my Mom in a lot of places, especially her obituary.

And my Grandfather in his obituary.

I realize this is something I don't have any control over, but I really think the family may be due for a break. In my twenties and thirties it was weddings I was going to. Now in my forties, it's deaths. Again, I understand that what is meant to happen is meant to happen.

On another note, for anyone searching: There will be services for my Grandmother, Jean Crawford as follows:


June 2, 2011:  7pm (Rosary) at Saint Catherine Laboure Church
4026 Mt. Abraham; San Diego, CA 92111

June 3, 2011: 9:30am (Mass) at Saint Catherine Laboure Church
Reception following Mass in Church Hall

June 3, 2011: 1pm (Memorial Service) at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery
Point Loma, CA

Enough with the death, please.





Water temperature is 62&deg;F (16.7&deg;C).

A very nearly perfect break for me.

Next: back to life, back to reality.

Also: catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.

Related: Charlie don't surf.

However: I bodysurf at the beaches and swim at the cove. This ocean, this coast, this birthright of the citizens of the Great State of Alta California is solace, no matter how stormy or cold, calm and warm.

I've been blogging about swimming and the ocean a long time.Everybody's going surfing

In my Grandma's last weeks, keeping track of her medications grew more complicated. She was unable to swallow some meds, and at other times refused them. Bedridden, her needs would change. This board was an effort to keep everything straight for all us caregivers. Also: San Diego Hospice was great.Medication Board for Grandma

Jean (McCrainor) Crawford, 90, of San Diego, beloved Mom and Grandma, passed away in her sleep in her Clairemont home on April 26, 2011. She was born in Omaha, Nebraska on September 20, 1920. She was the youngest of three daughters born to William and Emily McCrainor. Her father died when she was 3 and grew up during the Great Depression in a single parent household. She married Joseph J. Crawford, a Chief Petty Officer in the Navy. They met as Omaha neighbors in their youth as she was Joe's sisters best friend. They were married 64 years until Joe's death in 2009.

Jean was a wife, mother, and homemaker. As a Navy wife of a WWII and Korean War vet, they moved often, having 6 kids born in 4 military towns. They finally settled in San Diego in 1958. The Crawford house was the "fun" house on the block--where the sports and games were played and the freezer was never short of ice cream for the kids. A strong advocate for her childrens education, she pushed for accountability and appropriate reading materials in public schools. She cultivated a quick wit and intellect and loved to debate, always maintaining a conservative stance. She held a love for reading, wordplay, crossword puzzles, and all games. Later in life Wheel of Fortune was a favorite. A devout Catholic, she was active in Marian prayer groups and devoted to the power of the Rosary. In 1982 she had a debilitating stroke that she overcame with strength and perseverance.

She is survived by her children James (Phyllis, died 2010) of Roanoke, VA, John (Karen) of Dunwoody, GA, Joseph (Michelle), Joanie, Jeannine (Lee) and Jacqui, as well as "adopted" daughter Helene Kelberg. She had 7 grandchildren; Joe (Leah), Kelly (Daniel), Katie, Jessica, Bud, Jonathan and Michael. She will be missed on Friday nights for Family Dinner, a decades-long tradition for the Crawfords and guests.

A Rosary is planned for Thursday, June 2 at 7:00pm at St. Catherine Laboure Catholic Church. Memorial services are planned for Friday, June 3: a Mass at St. Catherine's at 9:30am followed by reception and later a Memorial Service at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery at 1:00pm. She was a supporter of many charities: Father Joe's Village and various pro-life causes. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Father Joe's Village or San Diego Hospice.

We have submitted this to the San Diego Union Tribune for placement soon. The obituary was posted May 15, 2011: JEAN CRAWFORD's Obituary by San Diego Union-Tribune
.
Jean Crawford Obituary

From my commute viewing list. Crockford on JavaScript.

Always enjoyable.Robin, Batman & Douglas Crockford

Leah made this flowsheet. It was to help keep track of care for my Grandma in her final months. When did she eat? What were her vital signs?  What medications did she take or not take? Leah did a really nice job with it. Leah is not a medical professional, but she's the finest untrained, natural nurse I ever met.Flowsheet

Moorpark High School GraduationMoorpark High School Graduation Panorama

What have I been doing?

I've been taking photos with Instagram. It's iPhone only. I want it for my kids on their Android phones.

I've been working with I'm using jQuery Mobile and the jQuery tmpl library and Underscore.js and Backbone.js.

I've been reading JavaScript Web Applications from O'Reilly. I now understand why and how to use delegate() properly. The book is well structured and I'm learning much more than that.

I play a little Plants vs. Zombies and a little Words With Friends.

Leah and I are properly moved into an apartment in San Diego. My stepdaughter is staying with us for the summer. We have beds and a couch and a loveseat. We don't have a table or a television.

I had to ask my neighbor and his friends 3 times to stop yelling hateful stuff at the Rock n Roll marathoners at 8:30am on a Sunday. Large quantities of beer and cigarettes on Sunday morning? Loud yelling? Insulting? That makes me want to punch you in your stupid face. You are on my list. I am middle-aged, I get to have a list, and you are on it. I am not afraid to state my needs and screw with your life if you are actively being an asshole. I believe strongly in Christian Charity, but it's Sunday morning, and Jesus thinks you're a jerk.

The death and services for my Grandmother, Jean Crawford are over now. I am not happy to have no living grandparents. I am even less pleased not to have a Mom who is living.

I have a mother-in-law and an ex-mother-in-law though.

I understand now how the death of loved ones can cause embitteredness. The bile flirts with me and sometimes we dance about with angry glee. The dances are thankfully short. Sometimes I ask grace to dance too, and sometimes she agrees.

I'm working a contract for a large company building frontend things. I'm classified as an engineer. This is being very kind to me, title wise. Calling me a frontend designer and developer and programmer is more correct.

Work is secondary for me.

I am happy to be a Swiss Army Knife. I am not meant to be critical infrastructure. Except for family.

The large company has a library. I am learning new things.

My wife and I have health and dental insurance for the first time in nearly a decade. What this means I'm not sure.

I am commuting by bus. I even have a bus pass for the first time in a long time.

My flurry of beach swimming last month terminated with more rainyness and more family events. Swimming is queued up in my activity list.

I live in San Diego. I sometimes miss aspects of Roanoke and Virginia. There is family, and a few wonderful friends who I largely neglect. Come to think of it, I neglect my friends everywhere. Maybe I can improve that. Add it to the activity list.

Virginia is green. It has a certain warmth. People look you in the eye there, and seem to wish you well. Here, it's eyes front. People would rather not know you. I don't act that way here.

People ask me for directions. They always have. I must look like I know where I am, and where I'm going.

Sometimes I do.What Has ArtLung Been Doing?



Wow.Leah.I referred to it often. And I'll be referring to it again now.



Get one for yourself!Visibone Mouse Pad, from 2005.Happy Father's Day, Dad. You are a fine person, and a dedicated person, and a wonderful father.

Dad

The photo was taken with instagram by Brent Nelson at Art in the Streets a few weeks ago.

The rest of the header is CSS.

I also tweaked the code on the headers page to use delegate() properly.New Header!

Yes, I tumblr individually and as a collective."Sorry, reblog is not an acceptable word."

taken at the Moorpark / Agoura game last night; originally on InstagramMy LeahInnovation Starvation, a short essay by Neal Stephenson (via Bruce Sterling)

Still, I worry that our inability to match the achievements of the 1960s space program might be symptomatic of a general failure of our society to get big things done. My parents and grandparents witnessed the creation of the airplane, the automobile, nuclear energy, and the computer to name only a few. Scientists and engineers who came of age during the first half of the 20th century could look forward to building things that would solve age-old problems, transform the landscape, build the economy, and provide jobs for the burgeoning middle class that was the basis for our stable democracy.

The Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010 crystallized my feeling that we have lost our ability to get important things done. The OPEC oil shock was in 1973almost 40 years ago. It was obvious then that it was crazy for the United States to let itself be held economic hostage to the kinds of countries where oil was being produced. It led to Jimmy Carters proposal for the development of an enormous synthetic fuels industry on American soil. Whatever one might think of the merits of the Carter presidency or of this particular proposal, it was, at least, a serious effort to come to grips with the problem.

Read it all.Let's get big stuff done.John Lilly:

(Steve Jobs) was also a gifted, gifted operator. One of the struggles we were going through when he came back was that Apple was about the leakiest organization in history -- it had gotten so bad that people were cavalier about it. In the face of all those leaks, I remember the first all company e-mail that Steve sent around after becoming Interim CEO again -- he talked in it about how Apple would release a few things in the coming week, and a desire to tighten up communications so that employees would know more about what was going on -- and how that required more respect for confidentiality. That mail was sent on a Thursday; I remember all of us getting to work on Monday morning and reading mail from Fred Anderson, our then-CFO, who said basically: "Steve sent mail last week, he told you not to leak, we were tracking everyone's mail, and 4 people sent the details to outsiders. Theyve all been terminated and are no longer with the company."

via Daring Fireball.Steve JobsI miss my Mom.

Sometimes it snows at West Point. This photo was taken at a Football game in October, 2011.

The cadets go to the games and sit and cheer in weather like this.

That's crazy and kind of awesome. But mostly crazy.Snowy West Point

Although, the user appears to be disappointed in the results of using this skeumorphic* interface.Intuitive Interfacebeing a list of my tweets from last night


THIS bus has a fellow claiming 2Pac as a friend and he's alive. Arguing with fellow saying "Nig is DEAD." They have opposing choruses too.
Q:"Why you with a crazy girl?!" A:"Dude, I'm 36. She's 21. She's playing MY game."
This dialogue is GOLD. Mamet on the 20x South.
2pac's pal can spin a tale taller than Samuel Fucking Clemens.
2pac's buddy's grandpappy was a friend of Bill Clinton.
2pac's pal name checking every conspiracy theory of the 20th Century. Elijah Mohammed and JE Hoover colluded on killing of King and X.
Nice! Chorus is correcting factual errors of 2pac's pal. Pal saying Mandela was American. Chorus stomped him. My fellow Americans.
2pac's pal attempts to talk to heavycute black girl. Asks her name. She flirts back but he gets NO name.
We're losing chorus now. Bus PACKING up.
I think the 20x South Show is over. Feel is electric though. It has to be the Holidays I think.
Hah! Just to prove me wrong 2pac's pal starts beatboxing. Not real well.
Someone raps. Rhymes "while" with "OJ trial." I give it THE GAS FACE. Uh oh, here's my stop. Bye bye 20x.


You can read an endless-until-I-expire set of such nonsense by following me on twitter.2pac's Pal on the 20x South BusMe and Leah, Christmas

Leah and I, as well as the 3 boys drove north to from Moorpark to Burlingame. It's near the San Francisco Airport. It's pretty here, but cold. Cold enough for me to look up a quote by Mark Twain. Sadly, the quote is not a true one. Mark Twain never said, "The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco."

Truly, despite having visited the area many times, I'm largely ignorant of the area. Compared to my general knowledge of San Diego, Orange County, Los Angeles and Ventura County, I don't know anything. What: Rice-a-Roni? The Haight? Cable Cars? Golden Gate Bridge? Superficial. I've never lived here. The closest I've come to living here was a week I stayed here when my Dad was doing a Medical Fellowship at Stanford when I was still in High School. Been in the area few times since then. Last time I decided to go I asked for, and got a ton of great suggestions as to what to do.

This morning Leah and I visited a great little bakery: Raymond's Sourdough Outlet. Perfectly charming. Great smell.

My mother had a big book - blue. It had just one word, in gold letters on the cover: "CALIFORNIA." It was a history of California. She got it after having worked at the Norris Medical Library as USC back in the mid-1970s. I used to go there with her when I was 3 or 4 years old. She would let me pick a book and read. Somehow at that age it was a large book of Peanuts that I always chose. It was at that library that I first remember seeing a computer print out of art. It was from I think a daisywheel printer - ASCII art of Snoopy and of banners with words on them. This was 1975, and it seemed like the basement. USC must've had some computers then.

The reason I think of this is that I also feel sort of ignorant of California History. I mean, I like calling Los Angeles "El Pueblo de Nuestra Seora la Reina de los ngeles de la Porcincula" but California is not the place of the future. It was added to the U.S. in only 1850. It was Spanish once. It was part of New Spain. Here's the flag of New Spain:



That's pretty cool. New Spain was HUGE. I am sitting right now in Alta California (as opposed to Baja California). What did they think of this fine state in the 1600s? It makes me want to read more of California's history. Mom's history book -- where is it? Her co-workers gave it to her, presumably because she had expressed an interest. Mom loved to read everything, and history was something she really enjoyed. If I think about all that a bit too hard I'm going to miss her too much. I'm surrounded by family, and things are just great.

Here's some photos. Merry Christmas!












Central California has some real beauty.

Spent some time with this dog, in addition to all my stepkids and my lovely wife. It was a great time.

Coming up next: 2012.Did I mention Merry Christmas?

Via Thomas PM Barnett

Thomas Barnett's thinking has been inspirational to me for years. It's, what, idealistic realpolitik?

I love the word realpolitik.Thomas P.M. Barnett's "New Map" Brief in 2002

New album releases this month!

Warning: Explicit LyricsStew & The Negro Problem: Curse

(I did not make this)My Specialty is Roofing

Brian Eno (from film for Roxy Music's Re/Make Re/Model)

This song is from 1972 and sounds new to me, perennially. Mostly because of Eno but the whole band together makes it work. I've written about this song before, in 1998's Re-Make/Re-Model.EnoThis is just a placeholder.I did not post in September 2011This is just a placeholder.I did not post in November 2011

First model I've made in decades.  FB.11

That's a Hawker Sea Fury there, from a kit I got at a local Japanese store. Impulse buy. I bought the Testor's glue and everything. Sadly, the glass for canopy got lost. I've been thinking I want to improvise a glass canopy.

I loved making models when I was between the ages of about 4 and 8. If I was good my Mom would buy me one at the grocery store down the street. I wonder if regular grocery stores have models anymore. I remember one destroyer class ship I got. No more than 6 inches long and so detailed. Lot of work. Awesome.

Model-making might be a pastime for children and old men. But forty-somethings? Well, it was over New Year's.First Model in Decades.

I was 13 years old when I saw Special Bulletin and it terrified me.

Previously, and also previously.

The disclaimer:

RBS News: Special Bulletin

From November. Quite a blessing.Me and my nephew

I asked Leah to take this one back in March. We'd moved out here. We had gone out to Ray at Night. That's where it was taken. It's a close up photo of the workbench of an artist. I think it's at the very southeastern corner of Ray street. It's a little directed-at-him-or-herself graffito to, "FOCUS!!!" AND "GIVE THANKS."

That's how artists get stuff done.

Affirmations are awesome.Focus!!! Give Thanks



DRANK


Jeff Tweedy sings "I Gotta Feeling"Happy Birthday Leah!!!Happy Birthday Leah!

Funky Monk, from Small Fry, a wonderful short that played before The Muppets, which Leah and I saw a while back.Funky MonkI updated my Open Graph Protocol Tools plugin, on GitHub and on WordPress.org's SVN.

It's been a long time since I updated the plugin, shamefully long time actually. But hopefully I've addressed all the existing issues and if any new ones come up I can knock them out quickly.Updated Open Graph Protocol Tools Plugin

Star Wars Uncut: Director's Cut.

Star Wars '77. Chunked into 15 second segments. Segments claimed by filmmakers, amatuers, animators, goofballs, and then the segments are reassembled into Star Wars.

Certain people will find this beautiful, wonderful, incredible. I expect some people won't be able to watch more than about 6 minutes.

I watched the whole thing.

Probably more fun to watch with an audience. Also better to watch on a couch, probably.

Reminder: I loved Star WarsStar Wars: UncutQuote of the day, from Tom Bickle:

Now that I'm 40, my days flip by like the pages of a book left open in a storm. It's Monday. It's Friday. It's Monday againQOTD: Tom Bickle

Duck Man! from BasquiatDuck Man!

What is tumblr?I'll tumble 4 ya.Yesterday I modified my site joecrawford.com.

I purchased the domain in 1999 thinking that it would be important to have a more "professional" domain than "artlung." I go back and forth about the utility of that.

Back in 2011 sometime, I decided to remove most of the ways to contact me, and remove the self promotional aspects, and left a cryptic, and to my eye now ugly SVG file. It looked like this:



Before that, it looked like this, not really much better:



When I first bought the domain in 1999, I was attempting, poorly, for a k10k look. This didn't last long.



Enough with the history lesson. When my Mom died I think I didn't have a lot of stomach for self-promotion or trying to reach out to people. I was a mess. Still am, a bit, in some ways.

But I'm enjoying the craft of web development these days. I like to make websites. I like changing them. I like using the new and excellent tools we now have available. Twitter Bootstrap--I just call it Bootstrap--is an incredible tool that does a great deal with a very small filesize footprint. It does a rational CSS reset, provides a set of "magic classnames" that you can use to get a very quick and smart layout. I really like it so far. So here's what joecrawford.com looks like now:



It's very plain, and does not vary from the default Bootstrap colors. But it plants a flag about what I am doing and what I'm about. I'm not sure it does everything I want. I'm not sure about everything I need it to do. It doesn't mention my current employer or link to my resume. But it mentions the networks I'm part of and how you might try to reach me.

So why don't I colophon you a bit? I'm using HTML5, fairly plain CSS, Google Web Fonts (that one's Michroma, which looks like the old Microgramma). I'm using the default .container class so it's 960 pixels wide and centered. I'm also using Magpie RSS under the hood to pull in my last 20 public flickr photos (which also pulls in my Instagram photos) flickr's API. That means it should update regularly as I do more photos with Instagram. That uses the .media-grid of Bootstrap. What else? I think that's it.

Thanks for reading, all ten of you.joecrawford.com, 2012. With Bootstrap.

The Chumby (Chumby Classic, Pearl Edition) is not really for work, but it should provide some entertainment for my co-workers. Which you may recall (unlikely, really) I won back in June 2008 at the L.A. Flash Users Group.Still Life from DayjobWilliam Holden is a soldier
and Nixon will not send him home
with every card game he gets older
so when on leave he needs to roam
don't judge him by his desires
the puppet wires
are strong
oh

William Holden is a BART rider
bound for Hong Kong or Seoul
William Holden holds a token
and asks
"Does this plane flow to tokyo?"
in his nightmare she's a vampire,
and an empire,
and a song oh
but when he wakes up
there ain't no Suzy Wong
no
there ain't no Suzy Wong

William Holden is a brush fire
and only ghosts will walk him home
and in his horror movie quagmire
the truth got stripped right to the bone
he never was much of a listener
he needs a prisoner
to go with his war
oh
so come along
on the search for Suzy Wong
there ain't no Suzy Wong
no

Hans moved back to live in Hamburg
he bought a wife,
didn't you know?
she does the unthinkable absurd
she nails him to a pedestal
in his nightmare free of feeling
he is kneeling
at her throne
and she holds a cold revolver,
a problem solver,
her chaperone
and you and know this is not right
but after midnight
your halo's gone
one suitcase into the street hurled
and half of his world
is still Viet Cong
oh, don't you sing along

there ain't no Suzy Wong
no
there ain't no Suzy Wong
no
there ain't no Suzy Wong

from the new Making It. Buy it on Amazon MP3 or iTunesSuzy Wong (lyrics by Stew)One thing I've really come to enjoy is the process of wireframing. Wireframing is low-fi design for a digital product. I do it for websites and apps. It's a lot of fun. The tool I generally use is Balsamiq Mockups, which runs on Mac or Windows.

I'm doing some housekeeping, so here's a wireframe from the Hello Lonesome website, from back in 2010.



It was a great way to come to quick agreement on what was actually to be built. In this case we built a WordPress theme to support this design and allow the Director/Writer/Producer of Hello Lonesome, Adam Reid, to manage the site himself. He also wanted to make sure the trailer was front and center, and that opening other content pages didn't interfere with the trailer. That's pretty much how it ended up, with a few minor exceptions in the case of much heavier pages.

Wireframing: Hello LonesomeBack in 2010 I mentioned presenting on ArtLung Rosetta. Well, the thing I wanted to do back then, I have finally done, and that's add AJAX examples for all the libraries.

So, for example, here's loading a chunk of HTML into a certain div from a link click in the different libraries:

dojo


dojo.connect(dojo.byId('ajaxloadHtml'), 'onclick', function(e){
	dojo.xhrGet({
		url : "ajax/chunk.html",
		handleAs : "text",
		load : function(response, ioArgs) {
			dojo.byId('ajaxOutput').innerHTML = response;
			return;
		}
	});
	dojo.stopEvent(e);
});


Ext Core

Ext.get('ajaxloadHtml').on('click', function(e, target){
	var url = 'ajax/chunk.html';
	Ext.Ajax.request({
		url : url,
		method: 'GET',
		success: function ( result, request ) {
			Ext.get('ajaxOutput').dom.innerHTML = result.responseText;
		}
	});

}, null, {preventDefault:true});
Glow

glow.events.addListener('#ajaxloadHtml', 'click', function(){

	var url = 'ajax/chunk.html';
	var opts = {
		onLoad: function(data){
			glow.dom.get('#ajaxOutput').html(data.text());
		}
	};
	glow.net.get(url, opts);
	return false;
});
jQuery

$('#ajaxloadHtml').bind('click', function(){
	$.get('ajax/chunk.html',null, function(data){
		$('#ajaxOutput').html(data);
	});
	return false;
});
MooTools

$('ajaxloadHtml').addEvent('click', function(e){
	var url = 'ajax/chunk.html';
	$('ajaxOutput').load(url);
	e.stop();
});

Prototype


$('ajaxloadHtml').observe('click', function(evt){
	var url = 'ajax/chunk.html';
	new Ajax.Request(url, {
	  method: 'get',
	  onSuccess: function(transport) {
	  	$('ajaxOutput').update(transport.responseText);
	  }
	});
	Event.stop(evt);
});


You can fork the project on GitHub if you are so inclined.ArtLung Rosetta: comparative anatomy for JavaScript LibrariesIt's been a banner week for development for me. Tonight I just learned about how to add a fancy banner to a WordPress plugin page, and lickity split I made one.

Check it out on the Open Graph Protocol Tools plugin page.

Here's what it looks like in context:



How do I make one of those cool banners for my plugin page?
Start by creating an "assets" directory in the root of your SVN checkout. This will be on the same level as /tags and /trunk, for example.

Inside that assets directory, you can make a file named "banner-772x250.png" or "banner-772x250.jpg". The image must be exactly 772 pixels wide and 250 pixels tall. No GIFs.


Previously.Fancy banner on Open Graph Protocol Tools

Lawrence Lessig interviews Jack Abramoff.

via John Lilly who notes: "Wow"Lawrence Lessig interviews Jack AbramoffI spent some time reworking a page I've had hidden, or at least deemphasized for about 5 years.

The page is the one I named Smorgasborg in 1988. It has been my "entertaining, silly and educational junk drawer" ever since then.

I remember a time when things on the web seemed to have shorter lives, and some of what's there are things that I thought were cool and I felt should have permanent homes.

Some of it is stuff I made but I didn't have a rational place to put. A macaroni salad recipe, for example does not belong in a resume or portfolio.

So I invite you, now, to visit the smorgasborg. New items include the Roman Numerals 0 to MMMMMMMMMM and IT OKAY, DON'T BE CRY.

Like I said: silly.Smorgasborg, not SmorgasbordFrom November 15th, 2009. Wow a lot has happened since then.

Big Big Sale!

Whole House Sale Sat-Sun 13-14 Nov 2009 [9am-4pm]

[REDACTED], Moorpark, CA

We are selling EVERYTHING in our house this week and this weekend. EVERYTHING MUST GO

EVERYTHING MUST GO FOR PENNIES ON THE DOLLAR OF THE ORIGINAL VALUE!

We have:
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;refrigerator (viblis by whirlpool - $200)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;several desks&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tall bookcases (pine, unfinished, great condition)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;shelves&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;treadmill&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;kids games and toys! lots of fun stuff&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;misc furniture&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;mattresses - several one&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;decorative items of many kinds&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;clothes&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;medium teen boy clothes&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;women's large and plus size&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;christmas&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ornaments&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;misc&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ps2 game system (ps2 slim, 2 controllers, 2 guitar hero guitars, many games)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;gamecube game system (2 controllers, many games)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;vhs machine&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;older console tvs super cheap&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ladder&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;kitchen table + chairs&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;kitchen&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;appliances&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;dishes (lots of nice dishes)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;silverware&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;cooking pots&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;art supplies&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;canvases&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;paper&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;pens, pencils&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;paint LOTS OF PAINT&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;craft supplies&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;fabric&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;beads&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;miscellaneous&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;frames - $1.00 a piece&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;books galore!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;art&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;fiction&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;science fiction&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;comics&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;graphic novels&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;religious&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;computer programming&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;musical instruments

If you have questions about what we have to offer and get a feel for items and prices feel free to call  [REDACTED] or send an email via craigslist!


We did sell almost everything, but we still have a lot of stuff. 1% of a lot of stuff is still a lot of stuff, as it turns out.

Also, this ended up driving us to Virginia, where, unbeknownst to us, we ended up spending the last year of my Mom's life with my Mom and Dad. These are the kind of serendipitous acts of Grace and what you might call divine intervention that have acted in our lives in the past few years. It's quite a run. Remember when we sold nearly everything?Yesterday we spent the day with Tony, who's in the midst of some staggering decisions. Rock on Tony!

Google Latitude has a record of the datapoints of where we were. Which is alternately cool and frightening and also cool.











To OjaiContinuing my series on upgrading joecrawford.com using Bootstrap. Bootstrap 2.0 was just released, and it has some default "responsive" features. What's "responsive" about it? Stanford has a good definition.

Responsive web design
A website that responds to the device that accesses it and delivers the appropriate output for it uses responsive design. Rather than designing multiple sites for different-sized devices, this approach designs one site but specifies how it should appear on varied devices.

Check it out in this animated GIF, or by visiting the site in a current browser and resizing the main window.



Basically by including bootstrap.min.css and bootstrap.min.responsive.css, and adding a few @media queries in my CSS, and a meta tag like: &lt;meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1"&gt; I get a responsive layout nearly for free from Bootstrap with their upgrade to version 2.0.Responsive joecrawford.com with Twitter Bootstrap 2.0David Letterman Holding Records is a tumblr (read: blog) about David Letterman holding recods.



Sublime.David Letterman Holding Records

This is a screenshot of a somewhat useful, great looking web development tool. It's called Tilt and it's an add-on for Firefox. What it does is visualize the various elements, or tags on an HTML page in a 3-D space. You can interact with it and click to see what HTML and CSS makes each component. I find it useful sometimes to help me understand what's why on the page.

It's overkill, but it's very pretty.Firefox TiltIn 2010, I turned 40.

I look in the mirror at the side of my head sometimes.

I see enough silver that I'm reminded of Reed Richards.



In 2010 I got an e-card that made me laugh enough I kept it around. I was scarcely blogging then though. So, here it is now.



It cracks me up. Thanks Susan.

Cleaning up hard drives. Revamping websites. Settling old issues. Making progress on a number of fronts.

For the first time in a long time I'm feeling like there's forward progress. There's difficulty too. There's real stress sometimes. But there's joy too.

So, like, that's cool, right? Regardless, I think it is. I'm 40+, so I can make a determination about cool.

This is the 3,586th post on this blog. This is my 12th year of blogging. This is my 16th year of having a personal website. This is the 9th year of my marriage. This is the tail end of my 41st year of life. I'm expecting all these numbers to continue incrementing. I'm anticipating continuous quality improvement. I act willfully to push all this forward.

That's it. Thanks for reading.Aged.Via Joe Bennion, a potter who lives in Utah comes a video on YouTube. It's a short (24 minute) film about Mike Dodd, a potter from Surrey in the UK.



You can see Mike's handiwork on modernpots.com, here. On some of the individual pieces, like this one, a short video with Dodd speaking about the pot is included.





In the short both these videos, there's an attention paid to the utility and appropriateness. And also, a secondary importance placed on symbols placed on the pieces.

Pottery is a very pure form of design, and one of the oldest human crafts. There are pottery artifacts from around twenty-five thousand years BCE according to Wikipedia. The potter's wheel, a technology seen in the first video, is one with us since sometime between 6,000 and 4,000 BCE in Mesopotamia.

It is inspiring to see people with a love of craft work, and speak about the meaning of their work. Lately I've been paying closer attention to my own craft. I have a notion about my work being a vocation as opposed to simply a job. The distinction provides me with meaning--not that I am my work, but that my life is informed by a devotion to craft. I have a renewed enthusiasm for revisiting websites I've not thought about in a long time. I am updating them, improving them, and adding to them. I am taking time to examine my own humble craft and pushing toward a higher level of quality in my work. I examine the suitability of purpose of these websites and web applications. Do they do what they are meant to? Do they do them well? Can they be improved?Pottery, Craft and Suitability of PurposeIn 1982 I drew this:



I've been thinking a lot about the various Jumbo Machinder I was exposed to in the Philippines. And one, with a stout body and a jetpack keeps coming back to my mind. I believe when I was 9 years old I had a vinyl toy. It's bothered me that I never saw it again, and anytime I'd look at sites with a lot of giant robots on them I never saw him.



I always thought this robot from this was an original creation of mine. As it turns out, it's not, really. as a matter of a fact, it appears to be a pretty close rendering of Getter Poseidon, who looks like this:



Robots with that basic format, with a head shaped like a "rolo" candy, a stocky torso, a jetpack, and tubular arms and joints is something I used to doodle a lot.

And now I know it's Getter Poseidon. This is more interesting to me than it is to you. Ha.Oh, it's Getter Poseidon!
Richard Gate is my brother-in-law. I've mentioned him once before.

I put together a website for him in February 2007. I think it's a great little site that does precisely what it needs to. It introduces you to an artist's work. I worked with him this week to provide something interesting on the main richardgate.com page. It's a view of a large group of his paintings that display as you move your mouse over the browser window, or, in the case of mobile, as you move your finger over the display.



Technical Detail, for Programmers only

When I first built this site, I used PrototypeJS and Scriptaculous. In fact, it was one of my first usages of that library, and I was amazed and impressed with how it allowed me to do what at the time I called simply "DHTML" so easily. Still, the syntax was pretty ugly, and I had a large number of inline event handlers in the code. It was not a lot of fun to make changes to it because of that.

In 2010, I converted the site over to using jQuery instead, and that change has been great. The underlying HTML is now cleaner, and the attendant JavaScript is easier to read and maintain. And, when Rick wants to add something new, like a dazzling bit of animation on the main page, I can do it in just a few lines of code.

I invite you to visit richardgate.com and enjoy his work.
Richard Gate (and jQuery)Yesterday Proposition 8 overturned. The complete ruling of the US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals is available as a PDF: KRISTIN PERRY V. EDMUND G. BROWN, Jr..

Any judicial decision quoting Groucho Marx, William Shakespeare, Abraham Lincoln, and Frank Sinatra is fine by me. It's not too dry. I was a bit surprised that I can't seem to copy and paste from it, which was a bit frustrating.

Historically I've been interested in this issue for a variety of reasons. Here's some prior posts:


No On Proposition 8 ~ 18 Aug 2008
California's History of Miscegenation Laws ~ 28 Oct 2008
LDS and Proposition 8 ~ 15 Nov 2008
Prop 8 Trial Coverage ~ 25 Jan 2010


And I recently saw this graphic bouncing around on Facebook and tumblr, and I added it to the smorgasborg: Traditional Marriage Infographic.

I also found this analysis interesting: Proposition 8 Unconstitutional, 9th Circuit Rules: An Analysis by Ari Ezra Waldman.

Not the last we'll hear about this topic. This feels like something that will go to the Supreme Court. We'll see.Prop 8 DecisionGiant fighting robot, take 1.



One of the things I learned on the Alice Street drawings was about the awesomeness of working non-photo blue, and then ink. Using blue as the base when I know I'm going to ink later saves me from sweating the pencils too much. It also will allow me to scan this guy and then color him down the line.

My robot anatomy and perspective are off, but it's working for me.

Those of you paying attention may notice this guy is a Getter Poseidon derivative.New drawing, in progressOne of the things I miss most about cable television is C-SPAN. The opportunity to be exposed to thinkers, pundits, books is really incredible. Sure, a lot of dross shows up there. I always enjoyed finding an engaging intellect there. Some time ago C-SPAN started to put more archival video up: C-Span Video Library. Here's a representative video: After Words with Thomas PM Barnett Oct 20, 2005. You can search by person. Here are videos of some of my favorite thinkers:


Thomas P.M. Barnett
Clay Shirky
Clifford Stoll
Nassim N. Taleb
Norman J. Ornstein
Stephen Colbert

C-SPAN, Joys Of

Speaking of reclamation projects. Well, were we? Another blast from the past is in here at artlung.com/flash where you can see my Flash work from 1997. There's even an .spl file! (.spl was the extension for FutureSplash files. .swf was the new .spl file).Flash, 1997In January of 2011, more than a year ago now, I attended UXCampDC at the German Cultural Center, just a mile from The White House.

Me and my family were still pretty raw from my Mom's death in October, but it was great to get out and do something.

My sister drove me to the Metro from her home in Falls Church. Remembering it now, it was as a dream. A light dusting of snow fell that morning. I got coffee at the Starbucks before the event.

I learned a lot, despite the dreaminess.

UX stands for "User Experience." It reminds me of "QA," another discipline in tech that is just two letters. It reminds of of QA because UX, like QA, is something that anyone building a product has to account for. You have to have "quality assuring" if you're making a product. Likewise, any product has "user experience." But too often, it's an afterthought or a never-thought-of.

I met some great people, and attended some great presentations, but in the end what defines that period is the daze I was in. The grief, the confusion. Trying to be there for my Dad, trying to figure out what was next. Leah and I would decide to move back to California the next month.

Some of these I collected at the time, some I found just now.

Archived Videos from ustream
UX and Startups
UXCampDC Flickr Group
Social Usability checklist
UXCamp DC 2011 My Rwandan User Experience by verbistheword
UXCampDC 2011 and memory.Astonishing, mindblowing, and suspiciously self-evident once you see it. Brilliant.

Bret Victor - Inventing on Principle from CUSEC on Vimeo.

Follow Jeff Victor on Twitter.Watch this: about code, creativity, creation, and principle.Yesterday marked eleven years I've been blogging here on ArtLung.com.

I'm so stunned I'm not sure what to say about it.

But, I thank you for reading, for commenting, for linking over the years. Here's to many more years of this!Eleven Years And Counting

Spending it with my Godson Zac, his dad my brilliant friend Chris, and Chris' daughter Diana. There may be drawing and development.

Think of it as a family BarCamp.

Zac asked me which Star Wars character is my favorite, and I replied with this drawing, though he Zac did say the colors of the bandolier look wrong. Blue and purple should be silver and black. Valid criticism.

Zac's a year older than I was when I did the drawing.This weekend















The Weekend in PhotosFrom Jesse Thorn's Make Your Thing: 12 Point Program for Absolutely, Positively 1000% No-Fail Guaranteed Success:

You can't afford to be too precious about your work. Caring is important, but preciousness is the opposite of making stuff. There is no room on the internet for Special Snowflakes who want to procrastinate all day and then drink themselves to sleep and dream about their unwritten novel.
Quote of the DayPreviously.

Jesse Thorn with another quote of the day, commenting on comments on his commentary:

I would argue that the fact that I was struggling to make ends meet was the REASON that I built my show into what it is. If I was a dilettante who did this shit for fun, I'd probably be one of the ten bajilliion hobbyists out there with a tumblr about what music they like lately.

The reason that I built the show into my full-time living is because I needed to eat.

Jesse Thorn is a national treasure.

Quote of the DayHow will the digitalization and networking of information affect us and change people's lives?

Bruce Sterling: You'd do better seeking out the very few aspects of people's lives that will remain unchanged by this.

What should we watch out for in an information-rich, techo-Utopia?

Bruce Sterling: Surveillance, spies, Mafias, stock market and currency bubbles; stalking, scandalmongering and pervasive transnational economic corruption.

AP, April 1998

There's a reason I've been reading Sterling since 1988. The man has a view of the reality of the future that often jibes with reality.Quote of the Day: Bruce Sterling, in 1998

via Surfy SurfyBlind SurferFebruary is over, and here we are in March. Time is absolutely flying by in my life, almost completely for the best. So what's happening in my life?

Taxes.

The enormous tens-of-thousands of IRS debt that Leah and I have been shouldering since 2008 is now low enough that we can see the light at the end of the tunnel. The incredible things that happened were two:

1. We managed to do the paperwork of our taxes in the first 2 weeks of January. This itself, was amazing, considering that for the last decade if we filed on time, we only did so because we started them on the 15th of April and I have an amazing tax person in my aunt, Joan.

2. Our taxes were almost entirely NORMAL (W-2) as opposed to contract (1099), which meant that we did end up overpaying, which meant that it subtracted a huge chunk from our outstanding balance.

Drawing.

I have no idea how it happened, but I'm drawing more regularly. This is good for my mental health, though what I have found is that I'm not as good as I wish I was. I'm as good as I was when I basically stopped drawing in the early 1990s. But I'm doing it, and I hope I'm improving. I even submitted a drawing to March MODOK Madness. I look at it and only see how I'd improve it, but I've been looking at MMM for about 4 years wishing I could submit, and finally did.

Bureaucracy.

In past years, I've managed to avoid important paperwork and important tasks for years. This stupid, retrograde habit seems to be sunsetting for me. As we came to the expiry of our Virginia car registration, I took control, bit the bullet and took care of the registration, the smog check, the tags in short order. In past years I'd drive around for months with expired tags, avoiding the law. Now, not.

I also managed to get my California license back, and the photo is not half bad. I did learn my vision in one eye has declined, as I did the eye test, I started with "two" and the DMV Guy said "They are all letters sir, why don't you try the other eye." Sad and hilarious. Oh, and I took the driver's written test and managed to pass, though I had to do both sides. Blood alcohol level, seat belt, and smoking in the car with kids questions nailed me! But on average, I passed.

Comic-Con.

Well, this is in the future. The incredible gauntlet of purchasing Comic-Con tickets was something I managed to beat this year. Tickets went on sale Saturday, and within an hour were completely sold out. I've attended many Cons, but not in MANY years. I have a desire to go again, somehow. This surprises me, but it's good to get back to something I enjoy. Mind you, I don't really read much in the way of comics, other than web comics, but I follow a lot of comic artists on tumblr. You can see some of what I like on the New City and ArtLung Tumblrs, along with a lot of other stuff that catches my fancy. Well, Nueva Ciudad also has a lot of stuff from my friend Chris, but still, the comics stuff is mostly mine.

Photos.

Thanks to Instagram, mostly, I take photos again. You can see most of these on the ArtLung Tumblr, or more concisely, on my flickr account. It's fun to point my eye at things and record. This visual culture probably also feeds into the drawing, though the links are still mysterious to me.

Inbox Zero Plus Or Minus Five.

There's a concept called Inbox Zero coined by Merlin Mann. My email inbox is really important. I've managed to have an inbox at about fifty for years. Always a pile of TODO items, emails to reply to, that I don't. Projects to update, that I didn't. People to interact with, that I left hanging. Frankly my personality can veer toward avoidant, which is particularly toxic. I have burned MANY, MANY bridges with this trait, and it saddens me greatly to think of the many opportunities, and even friendships that I have destroyed by emphasizing my possibility of failure more than the opportunity to success. If you are reading this and I've burned you in this way in the past, please feel free to reach out and let's figure out if there's a way I can make amends to you. I have made an effort to reach out to several in the past few months, and the impression I seem to leave is that the avoidee seems to think I got offended or they did something wrong. Nope, it was 99% more likely you were great, and I screwed up.

Work.

I keep my workplace on the quiet side. I don't want my words here to be used in a way deleterious to my employer, so quiet. But I'm happy with my performance at work, and my contribution there, and I will continue to improve along those lines as we push forward.

Sorry that's so vague. Maybe in a few years I'll be more specific.

Television.

We don't have a conventional television. We get cable, but don't use it in a normal way. We use Netflix and other non-cable methods to watch television. Our expectations about television and incoming media are different. We use twitter and facebook and RSS to get news. It's bizarre and thinking back to a time when there were 4 or 6 tv channels total over the air. It's also bizarre to think back to times when there were 60 cable channels. And bizarre to think back to having 500 cable channels. Now media is so different. It clears the decks a bit too, to not have it on all the time. Now, visiting friends with normal television, it feels different. We're not snobs, mind you. We watch all kinds of lowbrow television through Netflix. We try stuff out and wax and wane. Stuff we like a lot: Breaking Bad, Game of Thrones, Sherlock, Downton Abbey (the only soap opera I can manage to watch), among others. And more than anything else, we love 30 Rock. We have watched all the seasons all the way through more than 4 times. It might be pathological. The high density highbrow, slapstick, absurdist, sometimes emotional comedy hits us perfectly.

Podcasts

Also on the media bill of fare is podcasts. I particularly have fallen in love with WTF with Marc Maron and Greg Proops' "The Smartest Man In The World." Old standbys remain Le Show with Harry Shearer; The Treatment with Elvis Mitchell; and The Q&A with Jeff Goldsmith. If you want something good to listen to, try these. I have others I like too, but that's a good sample of smart folks talking about interesting things.

Projects.

I have some other projects simmering. About which more I will not say, but they will appear here in some form in due course.

Blogging more and again.

For me of course, and perhaps for the few readers out there in the ther, I hope these posts are meaningful to you. Thanks for your attention. Have fun, be safe.Sprawling MonthHey, admit it, in California it's basically Spring already. Enjoy these lovely photos:





It's basically Spring

Things go in storage, things come out. Like the tide coming in and out.

"Just in time" has many meanings.Storage.

Find her on tumblr, twitter, blogspot. I dig her drawings. Turns out I dig her musicianship too.
Gates of Steel by Kali KazooIn February I posted about a tumblr called "David Letterman Holding Records." I called it sublime. I still think it is. I even went so far as to post it to MetaFilter.

Well, I got to thinking, there had to be old footage of Letterman, from the old days of the NBC show, of Letterman, holding records.

There was lots of it.



And so, I have a new hobby, finding old YouTube clips of bands and musicians and even segments of "Dave's Record Collection" (it's a deep pile of fun!) where Dave is, in fact, holding records. I make screen captures, and post them to tumblr.

This gives me an amount of satisfaction disproportionate to what you would think likely.

Everyone needs a hobby.Lettermans Holding RecordsRecruiters really, really want to contact you even if you ask them not to.

In an effort to curtail the amount of contacts I get from recruiters, I made this addition to my LinkedIn profile:



So now, here's how one recruiter solves this problem.



With unemployment out in the world, complaining about this probably seems unseemly. It is nice to be wanted.A good problem to have, but still...This past week I turned 42. It was a good week but I did get sick at the tail end.

Had bacon chocolate cake at Riviera Supper Club out in La Mesa. Went there with our pals Matt and Margot. Totally not planned, but it was great. I didn't want a big deal for my birthday, and it was perfect.

And here's a lovely photo of Leah and me.



And that's it. Thanks for reading.++age;I'm still kind of sick. I've been sick too long, and I'm sick of being sick.



No more.The Cold That Would Not DieIn my last, incredibly brief post I said I'm tired of being sick, and declared a hearty: No More.

I mean that. This week I went to the doctor. Why? To get a sense of where the heck I stand. I'm 42 years old, 360 pounds, and often don't feel so hot. So, what does a Medical Doctor have to say about where I stand.

I told him my colds last month had freaked me out. Side note: I've gotten a ton of advice on avoiding colds. Some of the advices include: kimchi, room-temperature Sunny Delight, matzoh ball soup, fluids, bedrest, Emergen-C, hot tea, juicing. As Slim Pickens says in Dr. Strangelove: "A fella could have a pretty good weekend in Vegas with all that stuff."

Turns out, on physical exam I'm 360 pounds and 42 years old, and not much else against me. My lovely wife pointed out I didn't ask him about sleep apnea -- and honestly I didn't think about it. I know for a fucking fact (sorry relatives, I need to swear. My Mother is dead, my grandmother is dead, and I can say fucking on my blog now without starring it out) that I don't want to wear a CPAP or BiPAP device every night of my life. As a Respiratory Therapist I know they do good, but the quality of life attendant to such a machine I don't find them compelling. I will admit to the fact that my opinion on that may change in the future. But I don't have the mysterious swelling I got in my lower extremities maybe 6 years ago. I don't have the terrible back pain I got about 3 years ago. In some ways I'm in improved overall shape. I'm pretty strong (I have to be, I'm carrying around 160 pounds extra, all the time). I still like to swim, when I do it. I don't find myself out of breath if I pace myself walking (for example, running for a bus or a train or whatever). Now, I couldn't do a push or pull-up to save my life (hah!) but that's not everything.

The truth is I believe I gained a ton of weight after my Mom died. That's on me. My Mom took all kinds of ownership over me being a heavy kid. Truth is, the only time I've NOT been a heavy kid was when we lived in the Philippines. That was mostly because we had no money at the time. Ate a lot of rice and beans and that's pretty much it. It's in my genes - the maternal side of the family (hi again Mom) has more obesity than the paternal - but that's backstory. Ultimately my habits and diet are the key.

I actually have felt better and weighed less in the past. When I worked nights as a Respiratory Therapist, running to cardiac arrests, doing treatments, chest percussion, lugging equipment, I was in better shape. Now I'm a computer programmer and sit all the time. I'm sitting as I write this.

So the doctor, I told him I'm working on it (and truth be told, I believe I'm down 10 pounds in the past month or two) and he said, "well, let's set up an appointment two months from now and see where we stand." So I did it. He also ordered blood work for me. Always fun to get blood drawn. He ordered the standard labs, and thyroid levels, and cholesterol levels.

The blood work was unremarkable, mostly. The little pink zones (they're not colored pink, but in my mind's eye bad labs have a pink background to them, remember I used to look at people's laboratory results as part of my job) are two:

First, I don't have enough good cholesterol (HDL Cholesterol 35 mg/dL, should be greater than or equal to 40 mg/dL). My bad cholesterol level is actually okay (107 mg/dL), not great, but not bad, like my Mom, or like folks they worry about for heart disease. The Mayo Clinic website says this level is "near ideal." Still these numbers could improve.

Now, the brighter pink factor is my fasting glucose - 104 mg/dL. That's high. Maybe not diabetic high, but high enough to have a name. Not that I'm hung up on names. I mean, they give a name to "restless leg syndrome" but just having a syndrome name doesn't mean something's a life sentence or is the end of the world. It's just a name. But the American Diabetes Association calls that 104 by a name. Here's the synopsis: having a fasting plasma glucose level greater than 100 but less than 126 mg/dL indicates impaired fasting glucose, or IFG -- this is considered prediabetes. It's not diabetes, but I'm at high risk for developing diabetes in the near future. If I were 45 or older, the ADA says I should be getting checked for diabetes with every check up. I don't want diabetes, it's terrible disease. Took care of plenty of patients with diabetes. It's a bummer.

So that's the watchword. This is not so much for you, the home viewer, as it is for me, the Joe. I'm looking closely at lifestyle (read: habits, activity, diet, exercise, quality of life).

So that's all the news this morning. In another post perhaps I'll speculate on the ages of my grandparents and my Mom at their death and what that might mean for me. Maybe I'll go for a swim.So, my health is lame.I've been very interested in gamification since I saw Jesse Schell's "Visions of the Gamepocalypse" back in 2010 (See Jesse Schell: Beyond Facebook, and later when I got a lot of interest from Asian foursquare users in a bid to acquire "Mile High" badges (See: Gamification in the wild: Wells Fargo "Badge" earnedSo over several months I was consulted for an article about Flash. There were some issues and errors in it initially, but now that it's all there, I'm delighted to show you the link: Time to de-Flash your site?

Now, Betteridge's Law of Headlines states that "Any headline which ends in a question mark can be answered by the word 'no'". Still, I think the article manages to convey the complexities of the decision website owners need to make about replacing Flash. It's still a very mixed bag out there.

It's been a long time since I've had any media mentions, but this was harmless enough. Thanks David Weldon for seeking me out and for the thorough picking of my brain!Source cited

Photo of Mom from 2005. Happy Mother's Day Phyllis. Save us a seat.Happy Mother's DaySome years ago I started using Amazon S3 as a kind of CDN for images here on ArtLung.com. It's worked out well for me.

Amazon S3 holds all KINDS of content. And they're filling up with stuff. No less a personage then Jeff Bezos posted to the Amazon Web Services blog saying: Amazon S3 - The First Trillion Objects.

I'm pleased with the way S3 has allowed me to bump the hosting of larger objects to a low-cost, configurable platform, and look forward to more AWS usage in the future.Amazon S3 1,000,000,000,000Trying out WordPress Twitter magic in WordPress 3.4:

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/213144064407777281Twitter magic?Mostly from Comic-Con, which I went to this past weekend and had a great fun at. The huge blister on my foot is now healed!







This one's from last week, doodling in a meeting:



And after the cut, some selected tweets by me or related to me from Comic-Con. This is in lieu of actually writing about Comic-Con today.



http://twitter.com/artlung/status/223798811066253313
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/223836320554954752
http://twitter.com/KrisztiannasArt/status/223843085791137792
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/223860556732432384
http://twitter.com/leahpeah/status/223866167700357120
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/223897022212743168
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/223897529660620800
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/223926107165048832
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/223994976533614592
http://twitter.com/twocitygirl/status/224053458431512576
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224164783270789121
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224206487893979136
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224207491104374785
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224208259484098560
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224208662292480000
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224212141136293888
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224214784189538304
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224222118580191233
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224230428565966848
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224231882911522816
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224232984205729794
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224234001395748865
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224241226713542656
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224242736570703872
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224251443044040705
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224278903433330689
http://twitter.com/thedevonaire/status/224292957111590912
http://twitter.com/artlung/status/224609929653264384Latest Scribbling, Comic-Con Tweets

(Also, Cube Cat drinks Big-O Cola).

Previously:

Cube Cat's Late StartA Voltes V Quickie

See also her NASA biography.

She is survived by her partner of 27 years, Tam O'Shaughnessy. Because of the Defense of Marriage Act, no Federal benefits are due her. That fact is shameful.

https://twitter.com/mountain_goats/status/227579654368813056Sally Ride, Rest in Peace

I'm drawing again. Regularly. I went to Dr. Sketchy's this past weekend and it was a blast. Life drawing is stressful to me, but it was a great exercise to let go of judgment and just try to draw. They did 1 minute, 2 minute, 5 minute, 10 minute, and 20 minute poses. I feel cozy with 10 minutes to think and draw. During short poses I have no idea where to start. Start with a detail? Start with an overall pose? My life-drawing skills were never really great, with a few exceptions, but they've gone pretty fallow.




I like blue pencil, inked over top best.

But what I love and gives me the best joy lately is just taking sheets of cardstock, basically blank index cards, and drawing. Sometimes at work, on papers I take notes on. Anywhere, really. Trying to keep a notebook too.



I forgot to draw for years. It helps me think and gives me joy. Even if I'm a mediocre draughtsman, it still gives me joy.

Rotsy, Byzantine Hair, and Life Drawingvia PochoBlog:

Personal property is the effect of society; and it is as impossible for an individual to acquire personal property without the aid of society, as it is for him to mike land originally. Separate an individual from society, and give him an island or a continent to possess, and he cannot acquire personal property. He cannot be rich. So inseparably are the means connected with the end, in all cases, that where the former do not exist the latter cannot be obtained. All accumulation, therefore, of personal property, beyond what a mans own hands produce, is derived to him by living in society; and he owes on every principle of justice, of gratitude, and of civilization, a part of that accumulation back again to society from whence the whole came.


- Thomas Paine, Agrarian Justice, 1797Thomas Paine on PropertyIt's political season is on, which means there's a surfeit of political reportage. The majority of this writing is useless drivel. The television discussion even more so. This Economist piece bucks the trend:  So, Mitt, what do you really believe?: Too much about the Republican candidate for the presidency is far too mysterious

The Economist is a level headed, even-handed news outlet. They really liked everything Mitt Romney was about, and then, Mitt started campaigning again. I think Romney would not be a bad President; but I really get a feeling he wants to be all things to all Republicans. He can't. You can't lead by pandering. I tend center-left, but capable managers appeal to me. At one time Mitt could have gotten my vote -- but I don't think he believes in what he says be believes in this campaign. People need to have the courage of their convictions. Romney simply doesn't show us his true self. A person who can't be genuine can't be President. Mitt reminds me a whole lot of John Kerry - a guy with a great personal history, but ultimately not a strong leader. Or if he was, he isn't anymore.The Economist on Mitt RomneyI've said before I'm drawing more. And boy am I!

So just this morning, I got a notion to draw Wonder Woman while I was on the bus. And there she is. No-photo blue & 2B pencil and not long after, there's Wonder Woman with a sword and shield.



Or I had 10 minutes free waiting for Leah to wash grapes for preserves. Where was I waiting? Where a good friend's dog, Baxter, was being lazy. Voila:



And last weekend, Saturday, I went to Dr Sketchy's San Diego. Boom! Drawing from life.





Someone in the morning stand-up meeting makes a reference to Evil Spock? Boom, an inky doodly Spock.



Or even when I'm rebooting my work computer:



Or having lunch and a beer in downtown San Diego:



Clearly, I've entered a drawing renaissance. I've been drawing my whole life. Why it was I quit drawing is a fascinating topic I think, though I think I'll keep at it.Seven Recent DrawingsThe hard lesson of the failures of the new iOS6 Maps Application  painfully and hilariously observed in theamazingios6maps.tumblr.com -- is the subject of this post from a GIS professional: Google Maps announces a 400 year advantage over Apple Maps:

TL;DR:

Perhaps the most egregious error is that Apple's team relied on quality control by algorithm and not a process partially vetted by informed human analysis. You cannot read about the errors in Apple Maps without realizing that these maps were being visually examined and used for the first time by Apple's customers and not by Apple's QC teams.

...

When you assemble a mapping and POI database from suppliers who operate with markedly different data models, it is unwise to assume that simple measures of homogenization will remedy the problems with disparate data. Apple's data team seems to have munged together data from a large set of sources and assumed that somehow they would magically "fit". Sorry, but that often does not happen in the world of cartography. Poor Apple has no one to blame but themselves.

...

If you go back over this blog and follow my recounting of the history of Google's attempts at developing a quality mapping service, you will notice that they initially tried to automate the entire process and failed miserably, as has Apple. Google learned that you cannot take the human out of the equation. While the mathematics of mapping appear relatively straight forward, I can assure you that if you take the informed human observer who possesses local and cartographic knowledge out of the equation that you will produce exactly what Apple has produced--A failed system.

Selfishly, I used the "Transit Directions" function of the old Maps app quite a bit. In Los Angeles, in San Diego, and I miss it dearly. There are apps for Transit directions, but most are not very good or don't yet cover San Diego.

I'm hopeful that Lumatic will fit the bill soon:

https://twitter.com/rafer/status/248864483626348545

Or maybe Bing or Google will fill in with native apps. I have used both for transit on Mobile Safari with not great results.

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/248862681057095680

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/248861141651034112

Update Read the Counternotions take as well.
The Failures of the iOS6 Maps Application

This is the movie on which basis I put myself into the IMDB. And I've included it on my bio for quite a while.



You can purchase it, though really, you shouldn't, on Amazon.Up From The Depths: on DVDSo Leah has been traveling quite a bit lately. She asked me yesterday if saw this photo Dooce ((*Dooce is what I call Heather Armstrong, I'm very nearly incapable of referring to her as anything different. Hey, there are people who call me "art" as in "artlung" so it's not without precedent.)) when Leah visited her and if I liked it. I replied "yes, I think that photo was pretty good":



Which, taking some time to look at it again, I still do. Perfectly good photo. But apparently, she's not so sure. It's unflattering, or she doesn't like how her chin looks, or some other criticism that I can't remember because of course I look at the photo with my eyes, not her eyes.

I look at it and I think: "yes, that is my wife who is lovely and also that shorter kickier haircut is really working for her."

I'm pretty sure the propensity for women to look at photos of themselves and see only the negative is is the source of so, so, so many terrible songs by men telling women they, the women, don't know they're beautiful; but that they, the man, can see them for their true beautiful selves.

I'm not sure if there's something that can be done about this aspect of women, or about men, or about the terrible, terrible songs, but if there is, please let me know."so many terrible songs"AND THEN I LOOKED UP AND IT WAS TWO YEARS SINCE MY MOTHER WAS DEAD BECAUSE I HAD PUT IT ON MY ELECTRONIC CALENDAR TO ALWAYS REMIND ME THAT IT WAS OCTOBER 27 THAT WAS THE DAY THAT MY MOTHER DIED AND GETS EQUAL BILLING WITH THE NEW YEAR AND SAINT PATRICK'S DAY AND TAX FILING DAY AND THE FOURTH OF JULY.

HER SMILE AND HER FRANK SINATRA AND HER ENCHILADAS AND HER WORRIES ABOUT MY WEIGHT AND HER ADMIRATION FOR MY EVERY CREATIVE ACT NO MATTER HOW SMALL AND HER WORDS WITH FRIENDS GAMES AND AND ALL THESE THINGS ARE THINGS THAT ARE ONLY IN MEMORY NOW.

THIS IS IN CAPITAL LETTERS BECAUSE THIS IS THE DAY OF THE YEAR I CAN TYPOGRAPHICALLY SHOUT ABOUT MY MOM'S DEATH.

I WILL KEEP HER MEMORY ALIVE AS MUCH AS I AM ABLE FOR AS LONG AS I AM ABLE.

SO NOW: READ HER OBITUARY.

READ WHAT SHE LEARNED BECAUSE SHE KNEW MORE THAN ME AND WAS SELDOM SILLY ENOUGH TO THINK CAPSLOCK MADE FOR A GOOD BLOG POST:

I believe we were created by God and when we get to the end of our life he wont be concerned with our job title or financial status. I think he will ask us if we became the best that we could be and did we help others to grow and become better. Did we give each and every person the respect and dignity they deserved. Every single day is an opportunity to love one another. It is a joy to stand in awe and wonder at a persons beauty, goodness and uniqueness. We are all different and can never be replaced. We all have different fingerprints. No two are alike. I think that is amazing.
-Phyllis Crawford

And in 2007, I wrote about her cancer in a post entitled Mom and the Cancer, I gave her the heads up by email, and her reaction was awesome:


To: joe@artlung.com
Subject: Re: blogged a little about mom
Date: Thu, 09 Aug 2007 13:56:09 -0400
From: Mom and Dad

Hi Joe, Just read your blog and it is excellent!!!!  The second
paragraph should read the somewhat grave circumstances instead of the
someone grave, however.  Other than that it is perfect! :-)  How
sweet!  Love you  lots, Momma ;-) Hello to Leah and the children ;-)
I'm back working at the soup kitchen and going to daily Mass even when
I don't feel well.  It is a good distraction.  I continue to receive
cards and letters and gifts from my friends.  It is overwhelming.
xxoo


She worked as a receptionist and office worker and an executive assistant for many years. She didn't graduate from San Diego State College but she made an effort to always be learning. I would read her secretarial books and her reference books and I learned behind her. She was an excellent proofreader and a good typist. She got diagnosed with cancer, and looked forward to working in a soup kitchen. That's as short a summation of her character as I can manage.

Requiescat in pace.TWO_YEARS_HENCEMusic is meaning a lot to me lately. I'm checking out My Bloody Valentine mostly, and some other bands. Loud is good.

Meanwhile, I just made some electronic music.



The last time I released some electronic music was 2004: Archive.org Audio and Instant Music

I don't know either.Noodly appendage

Over a year ago I was coaxed into drawing again after a very very long time of not drawing or hardly drawing at all. Its been silkscreened on a shirt now. The audience is small, but that doesnt matter as much as the fact that my work has made some people happy, and thats rad.

Im very pleased to have returned to drawing as a habit. Its important to me and my health  mental and physical.

And so I want to thank everyone who has encouraged, supported and inspired me, particularly on tumblr. If you draw or sketch or watercolor or digital paint or whatever; and Ive liked or reblogged your work on tumblr, youve inspired me.

Encouragement has come from all over -- comments, likes, reblogs, email, in person. I feel very lucky to be so encouraged. I hope everybody out there gets to feel as encouraged as I've felt.

Thanks.

crosspostedThanksI did not blog at all in December, 2012. This is a placeholder to that effect.Placeholder

I have had a last.fm account since 2005. Most of the music represented in here is from a long time ago. The only brand new additions on the list above are My Bloody Valentine and Blooper, who I first became aware of only in the last few months. I was scrobbling a lot in 2005, but basically dropped off. So, now, I work for Slacker Radio, which is a music service, and I was wondering if I could scrobble from it, and there's a great Chrome extension. I added the modifications and have it working for me locally, but it takes time to put it into the public GitHub repository and eventually make it to the distribution.Scrobbling with last.fmI did not blog at all in March, 2013. This is a placeholder to that effect.PlaceholderI did not blog at all in April, 2013. This is a placeholder to that effect.PlaceholderIn 2004 the linkblogging bug bit me.

I was inspired by Jorn Barger and Andy Baio. This predated twitter, and Facebook of course. And providing an updated list of "what's cool" was really fun to do.

I gave up on it in 2005, and found the original del.icio.us and moved everything there. In the 8 years since I added thousands of links there.

I want to make sure I have a copy of my own links somewhere I control. I intend to make it searchable and navigable. Last night I took some time and imported all those delicious bookmarks and have revived, symbolically, "Semidaily."

One thing I may do is integrate these links, along with archived tweets, along with anything else I can think of, into the old pages of the blog - basically integrated bookmarks, blog posts, tweets, and photos retroactively. So at any one time I can see everything I was doing in a particular month.

They used to call some of this lifeblogging, and I remember Mark Pilgrim called a combined feed of all his RSS content "the firehose" - but I think I don't really want it as I live my life. If you want to aggregate me, go for it.

But for me, I like it more retroactively. To see what made me laugh, to see what made me smart, to see my news sources.

So there it is.ArtLung Semidaily LinksA sweet little remix for your Monday morning. Pogo's "SquareBob SpongeMix":

Pogo for MondayHurrumph.

I read quite a bit. I never blog.

Revisiting the Original 1992 WIRED Media Kit by Brian Dear.

Refuse to be terrorized.

Tim Bray buys some BitCoins:

https://twitter.com/timbray/status/321993193023496192

Susan made incredible Paleo deviled eggs:

https://twitter.com/twocitygirl/status/320976925914972160

Blink is a big development in browser rendering engines. Forks in open source are always news. More from PPK about it.

And lastly, here's me and my mother-in-law, obscured by flowers. Taken by @leahpeah

Miscellany timePay attention to this:

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/331531678289891329

Additionally, I made a new header. First header I've made since 2011.

Interview about Bradley Manning; New HeaderThis time of year is hard.



Clicking through gets me to a grid of easily purchased items under the headline: "Choose a Gift for Phyllis."

Social media, Facebook, knows who my mother is. It's smart enough to know that. And in spite of the fact that she died in October, 2010, I can't bear, yet, to initiate the process of disabling her Facebook account. I know a few other dead people with Facebook accounts, and people occasionally "visit" and leave messages. These messages inspire me. They give me pause. I find them ridiculous. I find them moving. They're what the word "bittersweet" was made for.

My Mom would have been 67 yesterday. And Sunday will be another Mother's Day on which I think about her and am not able to give her a corporeal gift. No Starbucks card. No flowers. No mug with a funny message.

Instead what I have to offer is intangible. I choose "whimsy."

For the last few months I've been trying to live my life differently. I am trying to embrace whimsy as a life philosophy. In any particular instance, what is the whimsical thing? What's more fun? What's more surprising? What's going to delight someone?

At work many months back -- maybe a year ago now -- I started "thought-leadering" the word "delight" as something we should be trying to inspire in our customers. It's a value that seems silly. "Delight" is a silly word. I read about delight as a value in writings on UX. But I think it's my Mom, and her silly and fun nature, that set me up to think of delight and whimsy as things worth moving toward--in work and in day-to-day life.Choose a Gift for Phyllisa cinq cinquante-cinq
awake with open eyes
adrift upon the night
and miles away from land

five fifty-five
five fifty-five

a cinq cinquante-cinq
ante meridiem
too late to end it now
too early to start again

five fifty five
five fifty five

soon the morning will arrive
can i begin another day?
whilst this old day is still alive
refusing to be put away

five fifty five (no sleep tonight)
five fifty five

like a beast awaits its fate
laid here with time to kill
the very dead of night
where time and space stand still

five fifty five
five fifty five

five fifty five (no sleep tonight)
five fifty five

a cinq cinquante-cinq
nothing will ever change
on the altar of my thought
i sacrifice myself again
and again
and again (five fifty five)
and again
and again (five fifty five)
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again
and again


Get it on Amazon.5:55 by Charlotte Gainsbourg

I'm on a header jag. Photos galore result in headers galore.a new headerFor reference.







Modes of Sharing; May 16, 2013.THE OPEN SOURCE REPORT CARD based on GitHub accounts, like mine. e.g.:

Joe is a high caliber Javascripter. Joe is a hump day hero who seems to work best in the morning. Joe's behavior is quite similar to pdokas's but pdokas spends more of their time commenting on issues. It would also be impossible to look at Joe's activity stream and not compare it to those of shishkin, buzzdecafe, thedjpetersen and mboinet. It seemsfrom their activity streamsthat Joe and david-sabata are probably friends or at least virtual friends. With this in mind, it's worth noting that david-sabata speaks more languages.
Statistics
The two following graphs show Joe's average weekly and daily schedules. These charts give significant insight into Joe's character as a developer. The colors in the charts indicate the fraction of events that are watching, pushes, and issue comments.
SMTWTFS
3am6am9amnoon3pm6pm9pm12am
Based on this average weekly schedule, we can describe Joe as a hump day hero. Since Joe's most active time is around 11am, I would conclude that Joe works best in the morning. It is important to note that an attempt has been made to show the daily schedule in the correct time zone but this procedure is imperfect at best. The following chart shows number of events of different types in Joe's activity stream. In the time frame included in this analysis, Joe's event stream included a total of 18 events and they are all watching, pushes, or issue comments.
666
Joe has contributed to repositories in 3 different languages. In particular, Joe is a serious JavaScript expert. The following chart shows the number of contributions made by Joe to repositories where the main language is listed as JavaScript, Python, or PHP.
1421
My Open Source Report Card[View the story "Starship Century Symposium: 21 May 2013" on Storify]Starship Century Symposium: 21 May 2013Driving south through California. The bugs on the windscreen. Cows. Pastures. Green and gold fields. Blue sky. Increasingly aggressive cars as the land rises up from flatness. Culminates in LA traffic. Relents after Irvine, and then the finally the return to San Diego filled with memories. Signs and wonders. So dense with emotional memory. I can toggle the whole great mass of memory on and off.

Then sleep.

Soon wakefulness in the middle of the night.

But I can sleep anytime, thankfully.

I'm waxing... what - poetic? nostalgic? Better poetic than nostalgic.better poetic than nostalgicI'm thinking about footnotes. ((for example, this one))

Using the WordPress Footnotes Plugin

Potentially useful. ((I think))

AAAFNRAA. ((Anything Anytime Anyplace For No Reason At All))Lately"Nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded." ((Yogi Berra))

It's 2013 and I'm 43 years old. I'm old enough to be called middle-aged now. I'm old enough to think I know a thing or two, and be right.

Perhaps it's time to quote some Ronald Reagan, as I did on this very forum 10 years ago:

"You and I are told we must choose between a left or right, but I suggest there is no such thing as a left or right. There is only an up or down. Up to mans age-old dream  the maximum of individual freedom consistent with order  or down to the ant heap of totalitarianism. Regardless of their sincerity, their humanitarian motives, those who would sacrifice freedom for security have embarked on this downward path." ((Reagan, 1964))

The speech that came from was more about the worries of a welfare state and statism in general. But that nugget has a truth about it. The recent revelations of constant surveillance of Americans' cell phones and internet traffic worry me. This is simply "signals intelligence" of course and in principle is a good thing. It's the kind of data mining we've all grown used to. Devices which track our movements all the time. Debit and credit cards have done this on a more rudimentary level for decades: each transaction is tracked and stored. A record of my card use is a record of where I have been. We carry cell phones in ever greater numbers. More people have access to mobile phones than working toilets ((United Nations, 2013)). And with phones, comes GPS tracking and cell tower triangulation. If my phone is on, it is maintaining those "5 bars" of service by talking to cell towers and all of that data is stored. All the time. It's trivial to keep all this data. And we accept it.

I happily use Facebook. When my mother was in the coma that preceded her death, Facebook was invaluable for keeping in touch with relatives for whom email was too infrequently checked, for whom phone numbers had changed, for whom texting was inadequate. I used it to coordinate flights, give out news, seek solace, share photos, share thoughts, private and public.

But Facebook and like systems are doing the same thing the credit cards and phones are doing. They track what I do and where I go, and what I think and who I am with. Who I have been with, who I marry, who I date, who my family is. And we happily submit to this surveillance because it comes with a concomitant value. I get a substantive value from being able to share photos asynchronously with my family. What's the alternative to sharing photos with 50 or 100 people? I could go spend $500 to print and mail photos to my family: all geographically remote: or I could do the same thing by posting onto Facebook at the cost of my internet service or phone service and a bit of my time. Oh, and at the cost of Facebook's systems learning a bit more about me.

And it is Facebook's computers, by and large. And now the news is that more and more government computers are doing the same. It's machines that are learning more about me. We call it learning, but it is a sadly blunt tool. In 2002 I read something that had a big impact on me about collecting mass data. In 2002 I linked to it. I'll include it entirely for my purposes today, because it was talking about the "Total Information Awareness" program the government was purportedly working on at the time.

------ Forwarded Message
From: Benjamin Kuipers &lt;kuipers@cs.utexas.edu&gt;
Date: Sat, 14 Dec 2002 13:42:44 -0600
To: dave@farber.net
Cc: Benjamin Kuipers &lt;kuipers@cs.utexas.edu&gt;
Subject: 'Total Information Awareness' as a diagnosis problem

Dave,

Consider the aims of the 'Total Information Awareness' program as
a problem in diagnosis.

Out of a large population, you want to diagnose the very few cases
of a rare disease called "terrorism".  Your diagnostic tests are
automated data-mining methods, supervised and checked by humans.
(The analogy is sending blood or tissue samples to a laboratory.)

This type of diagnostic problem, looking for a rare disease, has
some very counter-intuitive properties.

Suppose the tests are highly accurate and specific:
(a) 99.9% of the time, examining a terrorist, the test says "terrorist".
(b) 99.9% of the time, examining an innocent civilian, the test says
    "innocent civilian".

Terrorists are rare:  let's say, 250 out of 250 million people in the USA.

(a) When the tests are applied to the terrorists, they will be
    detected 99.9% of the time, which means there is about a 25%
    chance of missing one of them, and the other 249 will definitely
    be detected.  Great!

(b) However, out of the remaining 249,999,750 innocent civilians,
    99.9% accuracy means 0.1% error, which means that 250,000 of
    them will be incorrectly labeled "terrorist".  Uh, oh!

The law enforcement problem is now that we have 250,250 people who
have been labeled as "terrorist" by our diagnostic tests.  Only
about 1 in 1,000 of them is actually a terrorist.

If we were mining for gold, we would say that the ore has been
considerably enriched, since 1 in 1,000 is better than 1 in 1,000,000
by quite a lot.  There's still a long way to go, though, before
finding a nugget.

But we are talking about people's lives, freedom, and livelihoods here.
The consequences to an innocent civilian of being incorrectly labeled
a "terrorist" (or even "suspected terrorist") can be very large.

Suppose, out of the innocent people incorrectly labeled "terrorist",
1 in 1,000 is sufficiently traumatized by the experience so that
they, or a relative, actually *becomes* a terrorist.  (This is
analogous to catching polio from the polio vaccine:  extremely rare,
and impossible with killed-virus vaccine, but a real phenomenon.)

In this case, even after catching all 250 original terrorists,
250 new ones have been created by the screening process!

The numbers I've used give a break-even scenario.  But 99.9%
accuracy and specificity is unrealistically high.  More realistic
numbers make the problem worse.  Nobody knows what fraction of people
traumatized as innocent victims of a government process are seriously
radicalized.  1 in 1,000 is an uninformed guess, but the number could
be significantly higher.

A mass screening process like this is very likely to have costs that
are much higher than the benefits, even restricting the costs to
"number of free terrorists" as I have done here.  Adding costs in
dollars and the suffering of innocents just makes it harder to
reach the break-even level.

Ask your neighborhood epidemiologist to confirm this analysis.
It is applied routinely to public health policy, and applies
no less to seeking out terrorists.

There are alternative ways to detect and defend against terrorists.
Mass screening approaches like TIA are very questionable in terms of
costs and benefits.

Best wishes,

Ben


Benjamin Kuipers, Professor         email:  kuipers@cs.utexas.edu
Computer Sciences Department        tel:    1-512-471-9561
University of Texas at Austin       fax:    1-512-471-8885
Austin, Texas 78712 USA             http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/kuipers

A few months ago Anil Dash reminded us all that at one time we, the people of the web, roundly rejected single sign on schemes no matter their utility:

In 2003, if you introduced a single-sign-in service that was run by a company, even if you documented the protocol and encouraged others to clone the service, you'd be described as introducing a tracking system worthy of the PATRIOT act. There was such distrust of consistent authentication services that even Microsoft had to give up on their attempts to create such a sign-in. Though their user experience was not as simple as today's ubiquitous ability to sign in with Facebook or Twitter, the TypeKey service introduced then had much more restrictive terms of service about sharing data. And almost every system which provided identity to users allowed for pseudonyms, respecting the need that people have to not always use their legal names.

Largely, we have traded the simplicity and ubiquity away. Probably because keeping passwords for every service straight is more than a person can really do. We don't understand computers and we don't understand computer security. We don't understand risk. A study was done dropping USB sticks in a parking lot, and the results were dismal: US Govt. plant USB sticks in security study, 60% of subjects take the bait. Bruce Schneier pointed out the failure here isn't human, but technical: The problem is that the OS trusts random USB sticks. The problem is that the OS will automatically run a program that can install malware from a USB stick. The problem is that it isn't safe to plug a USB stick into a computer.((Yet Another "People Plug in Strange USB Sticks" Story, June 29, 2011)).

Tim Bray wrote recently about the resurgence of the blog ((Blogginess)). Well, if not the resurgence, at least the utility and expressiveness of the blog. Blogs at their best are not in the clutches of these third parties. The blog you're reading this on is self-hosted, backed up, and not censorable by Facebook. But of course, the network effects of the social networks are powerful. But I think lone voices still have a chance to change minds. The thing of course, is that now we partly measure influence in terms of number of likes ((Facebook)), retweets ((Twitter)), reblogs ((tumblr)), reshares ((Google+)).

There is no decentralized repository of influence.

If you have an hour, listen closely to Anil Dash's talk on The Web Web Lost. He makes compelling characterizations of these spaces we've all agreed to participate in, and how these spaces do not have the same free speech rules. Which is to say, they are not as free. Here's where I'm tempted to quote Patrick Henry ((I've been known to before)) but the truth is I want to have freedom entirely, and I also want to participate in these walled gardens.

And right now I am feeling the tension of not being able to unravel the contents of this omelet of freedom and less-freedom.

I doubt any of this was coherent, but I'll post it anyway. I reserve the right to revise and extend my remarks.

There could not be more news, and there could scarcely be fewer bloggers

On July 1, Google Reader does indeed close. Reader has been a valuable tool for me for a long time. In 2006, I said:

Holy cow but the new Google Reader is pretty darn good. Fully worth using to read your RSS and Atom feeds.

And that same year, I wrote an extended piece that included how I used Google Reader. Time Time Time; Experts I Treasure is about how I manage my own time, and how useful GReader was to me at the time. Here's a relevant excerpt:

One thing I've done is started reading RSS and Atom feeds again. I use Google Reader to organize and read blogs and anything with syndicated content. This is a great way to keep track of things, but to be "the decider" when it comes to when I look at them. I organize them into categories: ours (blogs leah and I work on or maintain, flickr feeds of ours, etc), people (blogs in a voice more or less by one person), writers.laish (blogs by people in leah's nascent writer's group), forsale (craigslist feeds for "for sale" items), group (blogs like metafilter or boingboing, which don't really have a single person at the helm), jobhunt (feeds for job postings), links (link blogs like waxy's links and larger link sites like fark), and sandiegobloggers (a holdover which i don't beat myself up about if i don't read, there are many). For several months I simply gave up reading blogs or keeping up with feeds, because I was so busy with work, but I ended up even more frustrated because there were people and information sources that I ended up checking anyway, and doing it ad hoc took more time than simply reading them in an RSS reader. I tried bloglines for about a minute. And I had been using NetNewsWire, which is great software, but is not nearly as mobile as I am. When Google Reader got good recently, I jumped in and have not looked back. It's all very "Web 2.0" of me, I'm sure.

Since December, 2010 I've been using Reeder App to read my Google Reader feeds. It has been a tremendously worthwhile purchase at $2.99. Reeder is an excellent frontend to Google Reader. I was using Reeder originally on my Mom's iPod Touch after she died. Reeder was great. And I've been glad it kept working and transferred over when Leah and I got iPhones.

I'm disappointed by Google Reader being shut down. What I've done now is install Tiny Tiny RSS on a domain I run and have started, tentatively using it as a replacement for Google Reader. At this point I'll no longer be able to use Reeder App on my phone. None of the solutions out there appeal to me. Having been burned once now, it's hard to get behind the other options. What I'm looking for now is to be able to use a service I control as a front end for Reeder App.

RSS is critical infrastructure for the web, and has been for a long time. Some of my favorite projects have been pages powered by RSS. Twitter recently killed all support for RSS or Atom feeds. It's a horrible disservice they've done, but we live in an age where web giants no longer respect inter-operative technologies the way some once did. For depressing reading on this, read Battle for the planet of the APIs by Jeremy Keith.

It's all incredibly frustrating.

I'll leave you with a J.M. Barrie allusion in a tweet I recently tweeted:

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/348469990913110016

I still believe in RSS, but we still have work to do to get back the web we lost.



Addendum July 2, 2013. The shutdown is complete:





        Thank you for stopping by.


        Google Reader has been discontinued.
        We want to thank all our loyal fans. We understand you may not agree with this decision,
        but we hope you'll come to love these alternatives as much as you
        loved Reader.


        Sincerely,


        The Google Reader team


        Frequently-asked questions




            What will happen to my Google Reader data?


            All Google Reader subscription data (eg. lists of people that you follow, items you
            have starred, notes you have created, etc.) will be systematically deleted from
            Google servers. You can download a copy of your Google Reader data via Google Takeout until 12PM PST July 15, 2013.




            Will there be any way to retrieve my subscription data from Google in the future?


            No -- all subscription data will be permanently, and irrevocably deleted. Google will
            not be able to recover any Google Reader subscription data for any user after July
            15, 2013.




            Why was Google Reader discontinued?


            Please refer to our blog
            post for more information.






Goodbye, old friend.Adieu Google ReaderIf you have any interest in what metadata means, please give a read to Ethan Zuckerman's piece Me and my metadata - thoughts on online surveillance. It gives context to what it means when security agencies are collecting metadata. Everywhere we go in this modern age, we're leaving digital trails. Off the top of my head, the trails I leave are:


Cell phone usage (calls, texts, data usage), stored by my phone carrier
Debit cart usage, stored by my bank
Security camera footage, stored by various municipalities and businesses
Library card usage, stored by my Library
Loyalty card usage for various grocery stores
Foursquare checkins
Google Latitude usage
Apple: Find my iPhone service
Usage of digital services via my phone, many authenticate and store usage. Twitter, Facebook, Google, and many, many others


What does it mean? What are my rights? Do I have any? As a longtime blogger, and "moblogger" as we used to call it in the form of Foursquare and Twitter, I essentially have lived out in the open 15 years. I went on the radio in 2002 to talk about "blogging" and talked about some of this then. I have had the same public phone number available on my website for about 10 years.

I'm amazed at what mining my email for a few minutes can produce in terms of the relationships I have. Immersion did this in like 4 minutes. This is just my email metadata.



I imagine that given a large corpus of metadata, from many disparate persons, a great deal more could be visualized. What might be shown.

Then the larger question is - who cares? Who would go to the trouble to look at these graphs to try and learn something about me?

There's a wonderful piece from last month called Using Metadata to Find Paul Revere. It imagines a British Intelligence service to examine the clubs of the Pre-Revolutionary era and finding Paul Revere significant -- because of metadata analysis. Particularly relevant here on July 4th.

It's a strange time. All this is changing how we see each other, and government, and business.

We must sort out what rights and responsibilities we have now that we have these capabilities in our computers.Immersion NetworkMechanized music taste summation from last.fm:

I'm into female vocalists, rock, pop, indie and electronic, including:

They Might Be Giants, Steely Dan, Frank Zappa, My Bloody Valentine, Stew, The Negro Problem, R.E.M., Elvis Costello & The Attractions, The Beach Boys, Talking Heads, Ben Folds, Ben Folds Five, Beastie Boys, New Order, Lana Del Rey, Blooper, Beck, PJ Harvey, Feist, Randy Newman, Morrissey, Los Lobos, Little Boots, Donald Fagen, Mazzy Star, Kate Bush, Joy Division, Grimes, The Smiths, Tree Wave, Christina Aguilera, Kanye West, Roxy Music, Tom Waits, 808 State, The Human League, Warren Zevon, The Puppini Sisters, Family Fodder, Fiona Apple, Brian Wilson, Cults, The Beatles, Elton John, Kitty Pryde, Johnny Cash, Devo, Lullabies, Bob Dylan, Public Image Ltd.

Check out my music taste: http://www.last.fm/user/artlung

Previously: http://artlung.com/blog/2013/02/10/scrobbling-with-last-fm/"Paste your taste"Following up on The Failures of the iOS6 Maps Application in which I hoped that Lumatic would be able to provide maps with transit to San Diego.

Well, they did, for a while. I used it several times. Then, 2 days ago, they shut down, immediately. Here's the email:


from: The City Maps iPhone app &lt;feedback@lumatic.com&gt;
date: Sat, Aug 3, 2013 at 11:38 AM
subject: City Maps is shutting down its service

Dear City Maps App User:

We thank you for being with us over the last year as we've built City Maps into the navigation and transit tool that it is today.  It has been a privilege to have you.

Unfortunately, despite our passion and commitment to our product, we will be shutting the service down effective immediately. We succeeded in growing a core base of loyal users and building a product that we love, but we have not been able to secure the funding we need to survive commercially.

As of August 4, 2013, City Maps WILL NO LONGER BE OPERATIVE.
Please be assured that any account information we have for you will be safely deleted.

Feel free to contact us at feedback@lumatic.com with any questions.

Thanks again for your support,
The City Maps team
Copyright  2013 Lumatic Inc, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you are a City Maps app user and have created an account with us.
Our mailing address is:
Lumatic Inc
480 2nd Street
Suite 203
San Francisco, CA 94107


There's a blog post, though I'm not sure how long it will be up given it's misformatted.

https://twitter.com/LumaticCityMaps/status/364553809160183808

My guess is Google's Maps app, which is free, must've been too much competition.Lumatic Shut Down, Fast

From Neuromancer:

Molly and Armitage ate in silence, while Case sawed shakily  at his steak, reducing it to uneaten bite-sized fragments, which  he pushed around in the rich sauce, finally abandoning the  whole thing.

"Jesus," Molly said, her own plate empty, "gimme that. You know what this costs?" She took his plate. "They gotta raise a whole animal for years and then they kill it. This isn't vat stuff." She forked a mouthful up and chewed.

The "Vat Stuff" Molly Millions contrasts with an actual steak is now here. A Lab-Grown Burger Gets a Taste Test. More on the Universiteit Maastricht website.Vat Stuff: Real.

I get so bummed out that OMGPOP Zynga Draw Something tops out at 999. Apparently it used to top out at 99. This is at least better, because so few people are going to play a thousand rounds of Draw Something with another person, but still. It's a bummer. Leah and I really like it.Draw Something maxes out at 999.My good, good friend Chris reminded me in email today of the incident in about 1986 or 87 where we had gotten E-Z-OUT burger and were parked in the Clairemont DMV parking lot. It was late at night, I'm not sure how late. But SDPD came by and basically detained us... Chris's memory is:  (Officer: "What you boys been drinkin' tonight? Joe: "Well, he had a Diet Coke, and I had a shake...") ... which was exactly right at the time. Probably a boysenberry shake too. I believe that incident also was when the cop shined a flashlight in my eyes and asked "then why are your pupils so dilated? I said I didn't know but Chris helpfully chimed in "yeah, your pupils really are dilated right now!"I had a shake...
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/gYsg5ACszV/
via IFTTTMessing about with IFTTT.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/gZP-zYisym/
via IFTTTMisbehaving collar.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/grcmemis0_/
via IFTTTMy amazing sister @kellycrawford is not messing around. QUOTHA!?
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/g68YCrCs7g/
via IFTTTElection Day
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hC1FPxis9k/
via IFTTTMe, 1989. For more random examples of self indulgent blurry photos and random snapshots that are 24 years old see my flickr account.This is a placeholder to that effect.I didn't post in September 2013.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hEnHvAisyh/
via IFTTTErrands. Trolley.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hEnbC7CszL/
via IFTTTOld Town Transit Center
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hG5bbziszA/
via IFTTTNiece Alison was here last week visiting. Here and gone too quick!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hLvEQPCs02/
via IFTTTNON POTABLE
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hPJQ-Jis28/
via IFTTTNew photo added to my workstation wall. I'm thankful for: family, HTTP.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hRpR-2Cs4f/
via IFTTTFish at Miles & Jessica's place!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hRzv7rCs-H/
via IFTTTStepdog travels to San Diego. Happy Thanksgiving!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hRz6kois-a/
via IFTTTMoochers.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hR0ARUCs-i/
via IFTTTDogs galore!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hTtPdSis-z/
via IFTTTDev's idea is to use the outline of Pogo's head as the spaceship in Galaxian. Pew! Pew!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hUJg8fis91/
via IFTTTSelf.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hZj2rZCs_w/
via IFTTTAlpine.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hgfqS_isyE/
via IFTTTSome hospitals are more impressive than others.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hmSxUuCszv/
via IFTTTToday's meeting doodle.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hmasOqCs_U/
via IFTTTMy workplace is a little unusual.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hm-xr8Cszd/
via IFTTTFake Sting is pretty good, but I really am looking forward to Fake Freddy Mercury's mustache.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hoQQLNis3U/
via IFTTTRainbow morning.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hpSF65Cs_y/
via IFTTTSazerac complete. Sublime.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hpXswpis5a/
via IFTTTChristmastime is here.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hpeXthCszl/
via IFTTTTunalope.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/htfTaqiswV/
via IFTTTWooden falcon with accessories. Gifted to me by departing engineer.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/hzl3sCiszm/
via IFTTTTree.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h4_Mbeis8W/
via IFTTTNot sure if smile is associated with the sinus pain or beating PMS.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h6klceCs1n/
via IFTTTToday's third walk buddies.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h6l6klis3r/
via IFTTTGregor, partner on today's first walk.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h6pjuCCs9a/
via IFTTTMy auntie and her tiny cute terrorists. Second walk buddies, those two.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h85C5viszN/
via IFTTTLegos at Brick Fair/Robo Toy Fest
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h87YQGis3g/
via IFTTT

...
Update: This is "Robot Girl" by Michelle Valigura from Itokin Park. Thanks Most Awesome Shop for helping me track this down:

I love this little girl driving a mech.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h8_kdWis9z/
via IFTTTMe and The Big Guy. (Not sure where Rusty the Boy Robot is). #RoboToyFest
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h9FkRWis3i/
via IFTTTCould not resist these Ultra Men #RoboToyFest
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h9Hw91Cs7Q/
via IFTTTAlso, KITT is here. #RoboToyFest
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h9gLaaCs3M/
via IFTTTGodson Zac w/Mega Bloks
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/h_IBPsCs7F/
via IFTTTZac is very carefully studying his options. Ultimately decided on a Legends of Chima set.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iIQx56is-s/
via IFTTTplease place wet umbrellas hereBy number of notes, according to the best of tumblr generator tool.


1 notes


7 notes


23 notes


1 notes


3 notes


4 notes


1 notes


57 notes


11 notes


2 notes


9 notes


162 notes


My Best Tumblr Posts of 2013
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iUnwGUis2B/
via IFTTTAstro Boy on Christmas Eve
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iWzEvRis5Q/
via IFTTTMore photos coming in 2014. Thanks @leah7peah !
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iXfA6bisyF/
via IFTTTMerry. Tired.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iXf7oEiszt/
via IFTTTChristmas scene. Westchester. It's been a lovely day. Merry Christmas To All!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iXiQxGis32/
via IFTTTStepdog! Camera-shy.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iXkj5Nis8B/
via IFTTTChristmas means your photo will be taken.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iZMj2Iis8q/
via IFTTTI added a Santa to my stepson & wife's fridge whiteboard.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iaHrPfCs3Z/
via IFTTTStepdog chills.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/iaZqMRCs94/
via IFTTT[CRACKLING] from the Netflix fireplace channel. Subtitled.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/ihZd70is_5/
via IFTTTYou and me both, Pogo.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/imGVh1is1W/
via IFTTTLeah's Latte, emptied.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/isBs90Csz0/
via IFTTTDesktop robot agglomeration.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/ixiNJ7is3o/
via IFTTTLeah and her camera.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/ixinP3Cs4B/
via IFTTTMagical piano & me.Getter Poseidon: reconstituted by Joe Crawford (artlung)Toy frippery! I bought one off eBay some months ago but it was not all there, and my efforts to repaint were not fruitful. Then at Robo Toy Fest I found a very broken one for $2 (cheap!). Now I've combined parts of both to make a good new toy. Now I realize I'm missing missiles, but I'm looking forward to finding replica missiles too. This fellow will be joining my other bots at work. 2014 is the year of the bot.Getter Poseidon: reconstituted
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/i5d1PnCs22/
via IFTTTRobot additions! Ready for action.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/i7erM7is4N/
via IFTTTMe, Saturday at The Last Bookstore. Think of the colors!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/jCrvcsCsz4/
via IFTTTSkullitacious!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/jIZziRCs0X/
via IFTTTI do not get tired of changing around these bots!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1d81f6t
via IFTTTProgramming Decor. Tux & Beastie.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1j3W5dX
via IFTTTFREE CHILD with purchase of Adult
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1j8gIFT
via IFTTTDawn Patrol.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gYiOXM
via IFTTTLove.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/KmePtp
via IFTTTAt the San Diego Urban Sketchers meetup group surreptitiously drawing in plain sight.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1aqMoq3
via IFTTTThe Big Guy & Rusty The Boy Robot! Any day with robot additions can't be all bad.In 2009 Leah and I came to terms with an ugly truth: we owed the IRS and California a combined $27k for tax year 2008, and did not have the money.

We knuckled down, and got on a payment plan. Meanwhile, we noticed that we'd failed to file in 2004 and 2005. Combining those we owed another $7500.

Now, we'd had a similar problem for tax year 2007, but got help from family with paying that off.

At the top end of our debt to the IRS, we owed $37,924.

It's 2014 now, 5 years later, and we have managed to pay that down now. Once we electronically file with the IRS and the California Franchise Tax Board, we will no longer have any IRS debt. The debt snowball we've been keeping track of has shrunk, slowly but steadily in that time. At one time our IRS payments were over $800. Leah remembers a day when we negotiated that payment down to $700/month and that was a great day. Cashflow is such a challenge. For us. For everybody.

We ended up with a monthly payment of $500/month, which is not a small amount of money. It's money we wish we could use for the good stuff of life, but instead it was used to pay the "Government."

Strangely, I don't feel any animus toward the government about any of this. The IRS has been professional all along. They're realistic and humane. Only about 1 in 6 IRS folks I've talked to on the phone, to negotiate payments, to defer a payment for a month, took the time to be a jerk. They were generally kind, sometimes with accents, sometimes not. Their computers were universally slightly slower than I wanted, or maybe I was universally anxious and impatient when I talked to them.

The anxiety has been going for more than 6 years. Back in 2008 I wrote about it: "Tax Day Was Yesterday And Today I Am Not Dead".

We're still owe 5 figures to the IRS, not where we want to be. But we have a big chunk coming back from our rental deposit on our last place and we have some other windfalls forthcoming soon. We're making good progress and are on track, I think. Next year, things will be different.

Later that year:

We need to get smarter about taxes though. Otherwise thats going to be a bite every time, all the time. We are working on it.

And in 2012 I wrote rather hopefully about it, looking forward to someday when it would get paid off...

The enormous tens-of-thousands of IRS debt that Leah and I have been shouldering since 2008 is now low enough that we can see the light at the end of the tunnel.

It's rather hard to believe that we are now just a few electronic transactions away from owing nothing to the IRS.

Anything is possible, still. And lessons abound.The IRS Slog: All But Over
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jJNmjX
via IFTTTGiving blood with San Diego Blood Bank.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1bbHJDe
via IFTTTCurvilinear
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hY1Id2
via IFTTTFinally emptied out
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1frtCgZ
via IFTTTFriday is dust & change the bots around day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fvhLiG
via IFTTTDuchess demands petting. No choice.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ijJmUz
via IFTTTShowing my sister-in-law Mt Soledad and the Chief's plaque!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/LBCRBh
via IFTTTLatest recruits! From Connecticut and Tokyo! (Getter 1 & Gaiking)

The Robots Collection of ArtLung by Joe Crawford (artlung)Frippery is the right of anyone. I'd say something like "I can't afford a little sportscar so I collect robots" but I think even if I could afford a sportscar what I'd probably do is collect more expensive (as opposed to these cheap) robots. Actually I might collect them all anyway.The Robots Collection of ArtLung
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ke773C
via IFTTTSpringesque
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eD65uh
via IFTTTbus kiosk, rainy day
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eDjVwG
via IFTTTMaking marks on the bus.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lHZGmV
via IFTTTOh look it's Chibi Mechagodzilla!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1iIxgnB
via IFTTTDomos! Attention: @mikeynerd
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mcWOhX
via IFTTTI love the unexpected congruency between @nikinapalm watercolor and @empoweredcomic 's comic. Both arrived yesterday!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eYAwNg
via IFTTTCreme brle with @leah7peah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gmIa2P
via IFTTTBee themed. By Leah.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cQvXib
via IFTTTI missed Mike Allred's Madman when it came out in 1993. Now I'm catching up.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gTl17I
via IFTTTLatest bot recruit is from a little show called Space Battleship Yamato (adapted sliced & diced into Star Blazers in USA)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hvoL2L
via IFTTTWalkin' SelfI started writing this post back in November of 2013 and failed to finish it. Ah well.

Oh golly, I don't blog all that much. So, time to sweep some of the things I've been reading and watching in the past few weeks. And comment randomly.

Its scary to change careers a short inspirational comic by Karen X. Cheng.

GitHub put up a useful guide to how to choose an open source licence for your project.

Bruce Sterling continues to provide blistering and interesting commentary on the current day: The Blast Shack (December 22, 2010) The Ecuadorian Library or, The Blast Shack After Three Years. On Snowden, the NSA and the persistent insanity of secretive organizations in a society that declaims openness. It's all quite dispiriting.

Machete Maidens Unleashed is a documentary about b-movies of a grindhouse nature made in the Philippines in the 1960s. I've mentioned that I was in one of these terrible movies: Up From The Depths before, here and here.

Tab Sweep TimeWhen I started this post, back in January, the intent was for it to be a comprehensive discourse on toy robots. I was starting to collect them and thought I could sum it up succinctly. So much for brevity, it's meandering. Bear with me.

Here's the collection from then.



My fascination with robots probably began with R2-D2 and C3PO in Star Wars in 1977. Lovable robots commenting on and also fully participating in the action. I thought they were great and many of Artoo's markings I could draw from memory.





Sam The Robot from Sesame Street probably played a role. But he's so goofy that I probably did not respect him as a robot. He was not all that different from the Muppet characters on that show. Sam was on the show between about 1972 and 1976, prime time for me to have been watching. I was 4 years old in 1974 and probably caught him on our tiny black and white TV.

I also remember the scene in Close Encounters when the electrical things in Barry's house come to life, including the toys. Blocky and bulky.  I think my friend Celsito had one like that. But even then, a robot like that seemed old-fashioned.

It was living in the Philippines that changed everything for me. It changed entirely my outlook on the world. I was a minority. I was living under a dictator. I rode in cabs. The very poor would beg from me. It was a startling state of affairs for a child. I was exposed to all manner of Asian culture. TV, magazines, toys, pencil cases, characters, food. Particularly Japanese culture. And robots. And especially Voltes V.

Brave young people! Taking on evil! Flying supersonic aircraft! Forming giant robots! It was incredible.

And now I have a t-shirt:



Voltes V is kind of amazing because of it getting banned by President Marcos. Wikipedia says:

In 1979, shortly before the series was going to end in the Philippines, then president Ferdinand Marcos issued a directive banning of Voltes V "because of excessive violence" and it included the encouragement of people to rebel due to its subversive message. The president also stated that cartoons such as this may affect children's education.

Two years ago I wrote that I have been subconsciously drawing variations on Getter Poseidon since that time. The programming is deep and includes unconscious components, clearly.

There are so many robots out there to enjoy. There are so many I can't keep track. For example, I keow little of Gigantor or Astro Boy. I've read some of  Osamu Tezuka's comics of Astro Boy now though. I intend to read more.

But Voltes V was always the be-all-end all. Voltes V was composed of 5 supersonic aircraft that joined to form the super robot Voltes V. I can still rattle off the top of my head the names of the 5 ships: Volt Cruiser, Volt Bomber, Volt Panzer, Volt Frigate, Volt Lander. Voltes V had a laser sword, and ultra magnetic whips which could send a kind of giant top with huge blades on it toward an enemy. "He" (and it's really interesting that most of these robots are "he" and not "it."

When I was 9 years old I could draw many robots passably off the top of my head. In the P.I., for the first time I met kids in school who could draw. 8-10 year old kids who could draw robots with realism were amazing. In the US I was a kid who could draw well and kids liked that, but these kids were miles ahead of me.

And now, they sit at my desk at work, a distraction. A happy place. A bit of whimsy in this world that's often difficult. And I can take their photo, and enjoy them, and pose them, and play.

And here's how the bot collection looks today.



Soon enough, it'll look different again.

The Bot Collection
from Instagram http://ift.tt/MAsn5B
via IFTTTAnalyzer Unit 09 (09-Type Autonomic Shipboard Analysis Unit) joins the family.As of TODAY I've been blogging more or less sporadically for thirteen years.

The first post? It occurs to me... was from when I was still on blogger.com, back when they were not owned by Google.

If you're curious about what's actually worth revisiting and reading, you might check out the Popular Stuff page.Lucky Thirteen! (13 years blogging)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jgE7FA
via IFTTTMy colorful cast of characters. eBay seller gave me bonus superdeformed Getter Robo!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1d6Tsnb
via IFTTTStandoff.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1foNBhf
via IFTTTI like the painting of David Crosby in the background. Also liking live tunes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fjttyA
via IFTTTFaux Flowers
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1k6s6SZ
via IFTTTKing Joe from the Ultraman universe has arrived! New bots always!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1bSr1hT
via IFTTTI'm trying to think of them not as meetings, but parties. Like, not very good parties.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eMQgNu
via IFTTTGundam Converge 12 RX-79[G] with Henrietta the plant.From Our Comrade The Electron by Maciej Ceglowski:

Bad people are using the global surveillance system we built to do something mean! Holy crap! Who could have imagined this?

Or when we learn that the American government is reading the email that you send unencrypted to the ad-supported mail service in another country where it gets archived forever. Inconceivable!

I'm not saying these abuses aren't serious. But they're the opposite of surprising. People will always abuse power. That's not a new insight. There are cuneiform tablets complaining about it. Yet here we are in 2014, startled because unscrupulous people have started to use the powerful tools we created for them.

We put so much care into making the Internet resilient from technical failures, but make no effort to make it resilient to political failure. We treat freedom and the rule of law like inexhaustible natural resources, rather than the fragile and precious treasures that they are.Freedom and the rule of law: fragile and preciousQuestionable humor value. And yet, there I go.

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/440574157734940672

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/440574112633597952

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/440574089711718400

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/440574064596242432

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/440574761937022976

Related: KNOW YOUR HTTP STATUS CODES!Stupid HTTP Status Jokes"Monsieur, azonnal kvessen engem bitte." --Gaff

"Lfaszt, nehogy mr. Te vagy a Blade." --Gaff

"That gibberish he talked was city speak, gutter talk. A mishmash of Japanese, Spanish, German, what have you. I didn't really need a translator, I knew the lingo, every good cop did. But I wasn't going to make it easier for him." --Deckard

via IMDB. Reminder: I like Gaff. An old header. Reconstituted Headers (2007). My Favorite Characters from Fiction (2002).Quotes of the Day
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pYwQOQ
via IFTTT

This is a followup from December 15th. The piece, once again is by Michelle Valigura. I think it's great.Yes! Acquired Robot Girl by Michelle Valigura from @mostawesomeshop !! Happy (early) Birthday to me!From Chomsky: How America's Great University System Is Getting Destroyed

Well how do you indoctrinate the young? There are a number of ways. One way is to burden them with hopelessly heavy tuition debt. Debt is a trap, especially student debt, which is enormous, far larger than credit card debt. Its a trap for the rest of your life because the laws are designed so that you cant get out of it. If a business, say, gets in too much debt it can declare bankruptcy, but individuals can almost never be relieved of student debt through bankruptcy. They can even garnish social security if you default. Thats a disciplinary technique. I dont say that it was consciously introduced for the purpose, but it certainly has that effect. And its hard to argue that theres any economic basis for it. Just take a look around the world: higher education is mostly free. In the countries with the highest education standards, lets say Finland, which is at the top all the time, higher education is free. And in a rich, successful capitalist country like Germany, its free. In Mexico, a poor country, which has pretty decent education standards, considering the economic difficulties they face, its free. In fact, look at the United States: if you go back to the 1940s and 50s, higher education was pretty close to free. The GI Bill gave free education to vast numbers of people who would never have been able to go to college. It was very good for them and it was very good for the economy and the society; it was part of the reason for the high economic growth rate. Even in private colleges, education was pretty close to free. Take me: I went to college in 1945 at an Ivy League university, University of Pennsylvania, and tuition was $100. That would be maybe $800 in todays dollars. And it was very easy to get a scholarship, so you could live at home, work, and go to school and it didnt cost you anything. Now its outrageous. I have grandchildren in college, who have to pay for their tuition and work and its almost impossible. For the students that is a disciplinary technique.

And Clay Shirky: The End of Higher Educations Golden Age

Though the landscape of higher education in the U.S., spread across forty-six hundred institutions, hosts considerable variation, a few commonalities emerge: the bulk of students today are in their mid-20s or older, enrolled at a community or commuter school, and working towards a degree they will take too long to complete. One in three wont complete, ever. Of the rest, two in three will leave in debt. The median member of this new student majority is just keeping her head above water financially. The bottom quintile is drowning.

One obvious way to improve life for the new student majority is to raise the quality of the education without raising the price. This is clearly the ideal, whose principal obstacle is not conceptual but practical: no one knows how. The value of our core productthe Bachelors degreehas fallen in every year since 2000, while tuition continues to increase faster than inflation.

The other way to help these students would be to dramatically reduce the price or time required to get an education of acceptable quality (and for acceptable read enabling the student to get a better job, their commonest goal.) This is a worse option in every respect except one, which is that it may be possible.

Debt and Education / Chomsky / Shirky
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1c9ajLs
via IFTTTDuck bus staredown
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1e2bCqD
via IFTTTBrilliant. Cassette tape case as phone stand.I am not licensed in California. That expired 10 years ago. My CV is way out of date.



I kept paying for the license until 2004 even though I last practiced in 1997.

I received Certificate Number 1555 for Respiratory Care Practitioner in Virginia in November 1993, but those expired long ago. In 1998 Virginia went to a license model and I was long gone out of there by then.

Still, according to the body that is responsible for the major accreditation of Respiratory Therapists, the NBRC, my CRTT and RRT credentials are still valid and valid indefinitely. Perhaps I should do my continuing education. You know, in case computer programming goes away as a profession.



I'm still RRT #46428 from way back in December 1992. Man that test was nerve-wracking.
Am I still a Respiratory Therapist?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1f2nXPY
via IFTTTGypsy is very patient during meetings.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/NH1v4v
via IFTTTIt's Friday AND new robot day. Welcome Combattler! (Chdenji Robo Combattler V) an anime from 1976.Last Friday some code I wrote finally got battle tested and was found wanting (read: it was not very good). And because of deployment processes I needed a co-worker to deploy it. Each time a new build of the software deployed my co-worker used an exclamation that it was complete that was colorful.

(5:49:10 PM) booya!
(6:09:51 PM) [val kilmer as doc holiday] "say when"
(6:17:44 PM) bada bing!
(6:24:46 PM) go!
(6:28:27 PM) ca-ching!~
(6:37:48 PM) BY THE POWER OF GREYSKULL!!!
(6:42:02 PM) GO SPEED RACER GO!
(6:50:16 PM) EL KABONG!
(7:02:17 PM) WONDER TWIN POWERS ACTIVATE!
(7:13:16 PM) ITS NOT EASY BEING GREEN!!
(7:22:39 PM) YABA DABA DOO!!
(7:30:05 PM) Whoa, mule, whoa, mule!
(7:34:08 PM) I'M GUMBY DAMNIT!!
(7:38:38 PM) ALACAZAM! 
(7:41:09 PM) OH MIGHTY ISIS!!!
(7:46:53 PM) UP UP AND AWAY!!
(7:54:58 PM) THUNDERCATS!!!!
(8:04:20 PM) Watch me pull a rabbit out of my hat!!
(8:20:29 PM) That's all folks!Excellent Co-workers are Excellent.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/Oe5m96
via IFTTTJojo munching on her alien.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1h8h3Xq
via IFTTTNew digs.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fr8FV4
via IFTTTDay 2. Family photo addition.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cxGcNW
via IFTTTAdvancing age is best complemented with a flattering hairstyle.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fGGH81
via IFTTTGypsy doe not have to debug mysterious 400 errors.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fJOl1n
via IFTTT"You're a good guy, like Superman." New bot day. Iron Giant is #23 of my workbots.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ok13pD
via IFTTTWhile waiting for backend folks to debug issues, robot rearrangement calms my nerves.

Ultraman Cosmos (red)
Father of Ultra (horns)
Ultraman Neos (blue)
Getter Robo (axes)
The Big Guy
Rusty The Boy Robot
Getter Dragon
Hexbug Ant
Kikkerland Le Pinch
Transformers Dreadwing (1)
Transformers Dreadwing (2)
Schylling Tin Bot X-306
Space Robot Wind-Up Party Favor
Getter 1
Gaiking
Analyzer Unit 09
Getter Robo (Superdeformed)
Gundam Converge 12 RX-79[G] Ground Type
Mechagodzilla (Superdeformed)
Girl Robot
Combattler
Iron GiantRobot Inventory, Current Edition
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eSRF6i
via IFTTTThe weather outside's not frightful
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gVmEz0
via IFTTTBirthday early morning dental appointment!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hcW5oS
via IFTTTPhotobombed by Dusty at Family Dinner.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1f8ohcg
via IFTTTDewey is enormous and friendly. There are either 5 or 6 dogs here. Hard to count.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ggEiBj
via IFTTTDusty & Miles
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1faXcoE
via IFTTTChilling.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lhzPBp
via IFTTTColors of the wind.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/NU3vFW
via IFTTTToe to toe with giants.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/P7lidG
via IFTTTBy height. Welcome Artoo! (Taller than Mechagodzilla & Analyzer) NewBotDay!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fvhpWF
via IFTTTClass Picture.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1dETZ5N
via IFTTTGIANT ROBO HAS ARRIVED! (Design from Japanese manga and live action tv, 1967)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gdg5XD
via IFTTTBeware the finger missiles of Giant Robo (or, check out my explosive manicure)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kk5Hpx
via IFTTTLunchtime is comics, baloney and incredible weather.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kLnOQZ
via IFTTTScrum time. (Agile bots)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1quarGw
via IFTTTJojo on my lap during deployment.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kE3Coo
via IFTTTThe face of late Friday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tetwRi
via IFTTTAgenda: California northbound.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lge15D
via IFTTTSacramento really is a city of trees.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1li1Sgv
via IFTTTRoad trips are better with awesome folks.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1f4Chnz
via IFTTTGoofballs of luv. Rehearsing up a storm.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hZkdkx
via IFTTTPlan for the afternoon and evening.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jm8fhM
via IFTTTBeautiful day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pjiQkK
via IFTTTPhoto booths are go!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jpej90
via IFTTTEaster Neighborhood Stroll
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lqrSLe
via IFTTTEvery backyard in Homewood seems to have trees like this.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lqQ5Rx
via IFTTTRoad trip photos
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jr393J
via IFTTTCreme Brle for 4.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1r8ZrjX
via IFTTTEagerly and patiently awaiting (from Saturday)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1i7RnyD
via IFTTTAlexandra's Bridesmaids were lovely and did their jobs very well.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1i8diFM
via IFTTTAlexandra giving Ashlyn some tips on her job (Rehearsal afternoon)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jwfROI
via IFTTTThis is a Monday I could get used to.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1i8kSQW
via IFTTTI love these women, I love those smiles. (Rehearsal day)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1r9wRz4
via IFTTTThe half order of salmon and bagel is not kidding around
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jxSQuL
via IFTTTProtected.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jyhlId
via IFTTTBeach day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1f4raAO
via IFTTTJojo, still at work.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gU8yys
via IFTTTQuietude/Transit.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ivA5Wq
via IFTTTTetsujin 28! (Gigantor) has arrived! Joins the club tomorrow?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hLVQ4j
via IFTTTWater temperature 62F at the Jetty. I'm calling this summer.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rKjdmk
via IFTTT60s & 70s Japanese giant robots? Welcome 1956-debuting Tetsujin-28, GIGANTOR!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1m81rKK
via IFTTTChill time between meetings at my office is pretty great.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hYMP7T
via IFTTT"Alright this is good hair". --Leah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1iH9WEh
via IFTTTBus wait
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rOfGkV
via IFTTTLP
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1n8v7H3
via IFTTTWelcome H.E.R.B.I.E.! (Humanoid Experimental Robot, B-type, Integrated Electronics) debuted 1978 in the Fantastic Four cartoon.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1n8v8L7
via IFTTTMorning constitutional
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fGfMLR
via IFTTTLP & R&B.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kAktmf
via IFTTT\WINDOWS\SYSTEM32\CONFIG\SYSTEM is missing or corrupt at this gas pump
from Instagram http://ift.tt/St8JM2
via IFTTTHelper bots united! Analyzer, HERBIE, & Artoo!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/RmCMnu
via IFTTTEven overcast and ugly it's kinda pretty.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uxRPdB
via IFTTTPETCO is pretty at sunset
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uxRNCx
via IFTTTStadium us!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1j11jEK
via IFTTTMe n' Leah n' Joelle n' Mikey
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1iXbboM
via IFTTTMickey Padres from Petco Park
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qecow0
via IFTTTMidway Model / Petco Park
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1g4FJog
via IFTTTI got out without purchasing a thing from @ROBOT4LESS But I wanted many of the shiny things.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1svfppj
via IFTTTColor swatches!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1npEG4D
via IFTTTThe lighting in here emphasizes our ages. But we are having fun!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jaUCA1
via IFTTTMarilyn (3D) & Han (2D)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jaXvki
via IFTTTTiki Macabre
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kZrcWS
via IFTTTAirbrushed new friend.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1l9zX3J
via IFTTTDrawing jam, conversation and food/Chris & Joe. (1985 to 2014 and later)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1l9YoxO
via IFTTTThe World Famous Wedge, but it's not breaking. I wonder how cold it is?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1girpDk
via IFTTTNot too bad, though I did get some oil seep on my foot out there.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lajxrL
via IFTTTI am an oilbird now. How do I get this off? Time to donate to @surfrider
from Instagram http://ift.tt/SLLkpo
via IFTTTThese are not giant robots.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/SLLmxe
via IFTTTMuch Gundam. wow.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jd56yR
via IFTTTDeath rides a snowboard orbiting the earth. Artist unknown, 21 C. Acrylic on snowboard.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/SMKlVY
via IFTTTThat is a hat, Hoss. @james47ag
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1l48GwG
via IFTTTI came to the right place.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fXQXuB
via IFTTTChdenji Robo Combattler V! This place is great. Will come back.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jeOlTV
via IFTTTZac!!!!!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1okdT9P
via IFTTTAt the Jetty. Alexandra and Ryan came down PLUS they treated Leah and me to a brunch for Mothers Day? Perfect day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qwetUa
via IFTTT"I wear my headphones at the disco"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lpMsrO
via IFTTTPairs of brothers! (Rightmost is a new acquisition!) Getter 1 bros and Combatra aka Combattler V.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/T9cwyl
via IFTTTBeat the heat.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/TcIl9r
via IFTTTShaky bus sketch of Wondy and the Invisible Jet. Friday is the best thing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gTCjQ8
via IFTTTLong time no @drsketchysd
from Instagram http://ift.tt/RLghbY
via IFTTT18 minutes at @drsketchysd
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oF8bj1
via IFTTTMy 2008 California driver's license photo. That hairstyle was not intentional.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lQSpgk
via IFTTTPerfectly beautiful sky
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ndwIKh
via IFTTTKillin' time inkin' practice on this three day weekend.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1r4rCUy
via IFTTTNEW COLORS. I think @skiesareclear would love this store.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1m8gwqS
via IFTTT@missewon & janky animal beads
from Instagram http://ift.tt/SF1GzK
via IFTTTCaution.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mh6Lqy
via IFTTTNew pal. Grill out time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/S9Hbue
via IFTTTBaily belongs to Jen & Chad. He's cool.

It's pretty astonishingly easy to play with AngularJS with jsfiddle. Last night I went to the North County AngularJS Discussion Group / sandiegojs group at WalmartLabs here in San Diego.



Smallish but impressive space.AngularJS on jsfiddle.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mDc0AZ
via IFTTTMy dad @j23p worked at this Der Wienerschnitzel 50 years ago.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/RQjoPL
via IFTTTInking the blue line beach sketches I did while waiting for the brake job cost estimate. Final: $609 plus tax.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1n99qV5
via IFTTTSquinty blue morning
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tLxwGg
via IFTTTSelfie between drawings on the bus.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1l8KMDV
via IFTTTNew @instagram app allows easy removal of blue lines when inking. Yay!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hg6tTi
via IFTTTJojo at rest.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1i7kOwj
via IFTTTBarstow In-N-Out is HUGE.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mk5ygJ
via IFTTTMy in-laws have some pretty flowers
from Instagram http://ift.tt/Sh8AKw
via IFTTTToday's office has no robots but there is a tiny ninja.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1q3ePxB
via IFTTTFather-in-law's office shelves
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kKqels
via IFTTTPretty flowers (sunset edition) at the in-laws
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rVQqOZ
via IFTTTPicking green beans with in-laws in the morn. Reminded I'm a city boy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/TsiiLe
via IFTTTThis is a pretty sky.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kIaOhQ
via IFTTTPossibly not a hat couple.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tUTTcj
via IFTTTGenerations working
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kNBspA
via IFTTTRoots
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hMU2yu
via IFTTTContainer Robot holds yogurt dipped raisins. PET recipiente con forma de Robot pequeo!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hQSraO
via IFTTTJojo casual Fridays. That's Jojo's owner Andria in the backgound.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1p5D51a
via IFTTTChow Bella! My aunt Jacqui's dog.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/U4i6lP
via IFTTTToday I was the dude on the right.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ll7lRP
via IFTTTPlanning Poker with Mountain Goat Software cards. Have read about it, now doing it.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ovuPZe
via IFTTTPower Girl's costume is summery and patriotic. Kara Zor-L is Superman's cousin from Earth-2. Happy 4th!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1j6VPzu
via IFTTTGRENDIZER! Independence day means drawing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jTJauq
via IFTTTOl' Shellhead! (3 day weekend means drawing)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jWRlGg
via IFTTTDecember 1971 (a year and a half old) with my Nanie and cousin Shannon at Nanie & Tata's.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/VzhPrV
via IFTTTFashion Plate. Age 5. 1975.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1w6Wn8J
via IFTTTAirport melon prepped by Leah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ncS5qY
via IFTTTArrived DC. Sister driving. Vacation now!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wa4WiU
via IFTTTNephew Archer feeds Javie breakfast. Daniel coordinates.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/VT3VRn
via IFTTTTiny hoop
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wakm6W
via IFTTTMorning in the yard
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1s2X84X
via IFTTTARCHER.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1m0sUHV
via IFTTTEveryone here is cute.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1s3cyGp
via IFTTTToy boxes are hats here.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1s3Is5y
via IFTTT"Archer make a face"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/VUFL96
via IFTTTFrom home!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1y61BnV
via IFTTTArcher & Auntie Leah & Hats
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oQdOHS
via IFTTTConfederate flag hats on the left, buckets of pork bar-b-q on the right. Hello North Carolina.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mKkzMJ
via IFTTTSupermoon. Nag's Head.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ovRIca
via IFTTTDawn Patrol
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nsjwlq
via IFTTTSunup sketch: Princess Diana vs Killer Kroc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sP7CTf
via IFTTTArcher/Cars!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oTK2Uk
via IFTTTSome classic Avengers sketchtime
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ye4gfl
via IFTTTIdyllic back yard.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mz66nE
via IFTTTFeet & Boards. You can't hear the rhythmic sloshing of waves though.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/W36WyG
via IFTTTWhat will I do in the morning when there's not a beach 60 yards away from the bedroom?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wl1C4M
via IFTTTSemi-alignment of moon, house, and shadow.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wl1F0x
via IFTTTBrightest morning sun
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jJlr5F
via IFTTTHaircuts are a great relief.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oDVtfP
via IFTTTArcher concentrates on eggs.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mLSqpq
via IFTTTArcher, Kelly & Dumpling, a chicken.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nJMTQa
via IFTTTMe at Island Farm
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nJMVHQ
via IFTTTLeah and chickens
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1syoOiq
via IFTTTIn about 1988 I sewed this patch onto this hat. You can tell.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1r9KvmY
via IFTTTThis rocking chair is sponsored.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1n3elYG
via IFTTTSunrise view, Outer Banks.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jIXUl3
via IFTTTAnd today is all rain.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1k1tIlv
via IFTTTLast night of Nags Head: Joanie, Archer & Kelly
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kIJIDJ
via IFTTTAll the stuff around K&D's house is nice.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1u5B23H
via IFTTTJ macking on a bit of grass.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1u5B23O
via IFTTTAirport drive.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/UkcWBP
via IFTTTAirport drive II
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yQtBfT
via IFTTTHe's tanned, rested and ready: Nixon '88.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yQzk57
via IFTTTNew Bot Monday for Comic-Con week: Aphrodite A & Mazinger Z. (Created in ~1972)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/WDO8X3
via IFTTTBatman @ 75 years. A bus commute doodle.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lzKL9g
via IFTTTMost packed trolleys: Comic-Con, next a ball game, last the old Street Scene.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kYR0U2
via IFTTTBill Finger, the unsung creator of Batman and so much more. Panel at #SDCC cc: @MarcTNobleman
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pgE3Gj
via IFTTTJudah Friedlander of 30 Rock! @leahpeah will be jealous!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1z9AclD
via IFTTTIt's me & @missewon at #SDCC!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jZsmYq
via IFTTTThe @sdbloodbank is getting ready to take my blood. Sponsored by #TrueBlood #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jZEMQ1
via IFTTTNot recalling this cute little red robot in the Bible.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ah7ilb
via IFTTTMe and a friend. Bidibidibidi.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rFmEf2
via IFTTTGiant robot Batman, some random dude, and me with very tired eyes. I swear I feel better than that looks!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rGsWvc
via IFTTTOld school trolley not too packed
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rnqyHq
via IFTTTSTERANKO INTERVIEW PANEL!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rTUyMo
via IFTTTIron Giant toy from Mondo looks great. #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1q4k3sn
via IFTTTRobotic acquisitions from San Diego Comic Con 2014 #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nRNdvZ
via IFTTTGipsy Danger from Pacific Rim and the little red, silver and yellow fellow join the bot family!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lRL4fS
via IFTTTWhen I was a kid I had every SDMTS bus schedule in a ziplock in my backpack. Just in case I needed to GO.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nSqsK0
via IFTTTNo radios, sodas, hot dogs or cigarettes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1u16egX
via IFTTTLunch walk
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AEkReA
via IFTTT"This Location Has Gone Prince Days Without a Loss Time Accident" ... Can you tell we're a music company?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oVJy13
via IFTTTLooking like the "before" part of a men's hair color ad. Vaguely considering dyeing white or silver.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kqRoA1
via IFTTTThis pool is no longer inviting.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kcjKhb
via IFTTTStepdog!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ltPSbh
via IFTTTDa de los Muertos: me gusta Belle y Frida mucho ms
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1scTZzY
via IFTTTShirt with no pockets is the mother of invention
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nwhpJ5
via IFTTTToday's tooth polish flavor is "Tropical Fruit"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kPSuWa
via IFTTTWork dog Jojo demands attention. Cute new outfit (harness) every day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1A2y3Zp
via IFTTTThese are a few of my favorite things! (I miss the old brutalist PO already)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kRnCVw
via IFTTTTrue Blood t-shirt I got at Comic-Con is 2 for 2 starting conversations with cute male cashiers this morning. Ladies take note?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vr0Mbu
via IFTTTSAND!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1soYQyd
via IFTTTSwam to the buoy, half mile approx total swim; 70 feet from a dolphin surfacing; typical day in SoCal.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ykyvzA
via IFTTTGreen tea ice cream // last night
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1srYiHR
via IFTTTNo filters needed to make this Patty Pan Squash look vibrant.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oDJ373
via IFTTTBachelor week begins
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sNkDwj
via IFTTTTalking on the phone with Chris and drawing. A tradition for decades.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uMrck2
via IFTTTNeed a shoeshine. Waiting on my car to get done so I can pay for my tires.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ywFGVw
via IFTTTGipsy Danger oversees watermelon lunch.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/Vlv1jz
via IFTTTTerrible deal. (Unrelated: Was given lovely dinner and I installed some memory tonight, thus: La Mesa).
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ryAeyR
via IFTTTFigs, olives, pickles, lend me your ears.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rASkA8
via IFTTTFriday coffee wait selfie. Glad to have Leah back-from-her-trip face.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rBULCy
via IFTTTFinally.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vVnOrl
via IFTTTHmmm. Enterance?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rKYOwi
via IFTTTWhispering words of Wisdom, let it be. And for goodness sake let the vein on my temple chill out!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1z2xmgq
via IFTTTWeather station.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1v1QptD
via IFTTTBack to school photo of my bots.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1scj1LK
via IFTTTCeiling at Starbucks
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1twcy01
via IFTTTTomatillos and eggplant
from Instagram http://ift.tt/YONxmu
via IFTTTHardware store, grasshopper.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sn09dc
via IFTTTI married the right woman.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sqbGZg
via IFTTTPlease kind sir, nobody EVER plays with me, won't you please cease this scrum and play?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/XPuh8b
via IFTTTThus morning's busride sketch. Thus. This.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1C0zHN5
via IFTTTChanging the ink cartridge on the moving bus was probably foolhardy. But I live on the edge Dottie.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nCZIs7
via IFTTTDewy golf course in the morning. Serene. Less mystified by popularity of that pastime.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wDlZzG
via IFTTTI try to donate when they come to my building but it's too soon since Comic Con. Mid September: B+.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1q6qZIj
via IFTTTWalkies. Now playing: Eliza Doolittle (the Brit pop star not My Fair Lady)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wI3hGZ
via IFTTTFashion Valley Morning
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tPZK50
via IFTTTEaster & Halloween, cast off to better homes via Salvation Army drop off. Melancholy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1po21F7
via IFTTTWhistling at sunset near the Cove. Big swell.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1n2UAgT
via IFTTTThe retreat crew from sunset last night.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qLjmaf
via IFTTTIt could be a great day, you ever think of that?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1loyM3U
via IFTTTTea @ Blue Dragon Tea House
from Instagram http://ift.tt/VYQtea
via IFTTTTeri & Lee! Having wonderful pho with my cousin and his lovely girlfriend. Feeling lucky!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/VXdZZz
via IFTTTMidnight Show Joe. For Ghost in the Shell.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nfViYq
via IFTTTMarch 1971. That's me in the sailor suit with my aunt Joan and my folks.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/Y3Hn1P
via IFTTTUniversal Studios. Dad and me. I'm probably two years old. That's my NOPE face.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1r5LDsb
via IFTTTPenny! (Belongs to my pal @missewon) super sweet new gato!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1x2CTI2
via IFTTTPenny again. @leah7peah and I had brunch with her owner @missewon then Ghostbusters in the theater! SUPERDELIGHTFULMORN!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1q4Ql9G
via IFTTTStar Wars board game from 1982 is terrible. @missewon found it. Destined to be donated to Goodwill.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lFd38f
via IFTTTROBOT-7 is a wind-up tin toy from I think the mid-90s. He's a replica of an older toy. I love him and he was a surprise gift from my pal Erin aka @missewon ... Expect more photos when he joins my toy robot army tomorrow at work! Thanks EW!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ut1r7O
via IFTTT"do you know this one girl with hair like this?" "yes that's ramona flowers"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rgQNSj
via IFTTTOld Boy's Club. (ROBOT-7 joins the crew)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1t52h9Q
via IFTTTLunch is comics and crackers with the fakiest fake cheese and an apple (not pictured) and a fountain.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1t68vWX
via IFTTTBus sketch time: the assassin Elektra.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CxYBE4
via IFTTTFinished "Seconds"-- not sure what to read next. Thanks @radiomaru for another great read!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/Wo90RG
via IFTTTHaircut & apple for breakfast.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AfSpN3
via IFTTTlunchtime inkery
from Instagram http://ift.tt/Yiweu4
via IFTTTEmpty bocce court
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1quHHky
via IFTTT.05 with my love.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BiXbf2
via IFTTTThe Heart is a Happy Hunter! En la casa de mi amiga @missewon
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rR3aVh
via IFTTTMiss Ewon! My pal. New do and old movie marquee letter E.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tfgJfp
via IFTTTI HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tfgIrO
via IFTTTErin gave me this Op Art tie and told me to put it on so I did.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xtVXPC
via IFTTTMy theory of selling @missewon 's junked and old iPod 40GB was good. Just not very lucrative. Amazon will give me $0.25.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/WF4Vbz
via IFTTTBack atcha! (Lunch walkies)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lUwPNb
via IFTTTI finally caught a photo of the Tweety car!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1twTg9G
via IFTTTWednesday is new Bot day here on the bus. Stowing away is Wall-E.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CTJ8hJ
via IFTTTNic
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qrX7HJ
via IFTTTApple's market power allows them to put advertisements on my ATM for new Pay product
from Instagram http://ift.tt/YEkCBW
via IFTTTTiles
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1woxiKP
via IFTTTAre these Reese's shaped like a pumpkin, do they taste like a pumpkin? Both?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1D4zPvu
via IFTTTAccompaniments.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BEciQt
via IFTTTZac carefully examining Pokemon options!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1D87DIk
via IFTTTThe team!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1y3kmfh
via IFTTTChris starts a Fighter from classic BSG.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sSJyk8
via IFTTTFinished! And a Cylon!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1m5Umei
via IFTTTI love this photo of my pal Chris and his daughter Diana from early 1990s!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sYk4lo
via IFTTTKid stuff is the best. Visiting my best friend Chris & my godson this week.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1y9Arjy
via IFTTTZac!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1t2JPBf
via IFTTTNew friend is surly. Also she's not real and pretty expensive.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BJcQV6
via IFTTTIt's comforting waking up to Katniss's hopeful face this week.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Dh1RnK
via IFTTTMe and the boys got Gundams! Being walking distance to #robot4less is awesome.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Dhc6Z2
via IFTTT3-D scanner selfie! At OCmakerspace.org
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1u5bPC6
via IFTTTZac & crown. This night has everything!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qWT5pM
via IFTTTTranslucent Gundam from #robot4less looks pretty cool lit up.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/XjXp6z
via IFTTTFather and son looking at ancient (1966) spacecraft. At California Science Center.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uItoJI
via IFTTTBeating the heat at the science center.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uItoJY
via IFTTTShuttles galore!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/Xl0Dqp
via IFTTTSunset with Chris & Zac (not pictured)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/YTYjZc
via IFTTTZac @ Sunset
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1trWn5c
via IFTTTThis pole says "I
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1trWnCp
via IFTTTZac racing the RC car. Winning handily.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1v05x7u
via IFTTTIt's cool enough this morning to go for a walk through Orange County suburbia without fear of exhaustion. Yay!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uoJkiQ
via IFTTTThis is my "working in the house going to Goodwill look." Not, I swear, "Blue Steel" @a1c233.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rbgOmh
via IFTTTKitty & blonde hair drinks
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wDjUzM
via IFTTTThe letter of the day is "Angels' 'L'" which I just found littered.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1p921nx
via IFTTTPolish festival means lots of red and white.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1C2bncO
via IFTTTOne of the more important jobs of a godparent is to expose the kid to The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rgZEm3
via IFTTTI missed Jojo and her fauxhawk.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wHxd2g
via IFTTTMy desk has moved. That means the bots have moved. They're up in that shelf in the distance--just slightly too out of reach. Gipsy Danger & Girl Robot are hanging with me temporarily until I can figure out if I can stand them being so far away.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1v6rLXo
via IFTTTGetting ready to hear Larry Marder & Scott McCloud at San Diego Public Library.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nbpr0B
via IFTTTRobot Girl is my favorite. With her mecha she assists me with my headphone cord.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rtOtYz
via IFTTTOrnate ceilings a specialty at Bookstar ne Loma Theatre.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Cy2nMG
via IFTTTA certain kind of church time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/YBB1G8
via IFTTTThe second adventure was putting on my suit for awhile. This one might be blue steel on purpose.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/tiNYjwCs4y/
via IFTTTSome inking to start the week right.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/10fi6Cu
via IFTTTThere are worse lunch locations.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ov46Kv
via IFTTTGigantor helps me with my yogurt and nectarine breakfast. What's adulthood again? I think it may be overrated.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xCq3zz
via IFTTTThis dog on my lap is more stylish than me. Jojo: she's the fashion plate in this planning meeting.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rwV4Te
via IFTTTToday's bus scribblings.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vd6qcQ
via IFTTTWindow or Aisle?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pNP2ai
via IFTTTIt's been a fun week with superdeformed Mechagodzilla and Tetsujin-28. Who will be the desk robots next week?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1toDFrr
via IFTTTThis. Is. Happening.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1toDFrA
via IFTTTGarsh!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BHE2C2
via IFTTTPity this San Onofre Nuclear Plant Operations shirt did not fit. I suspect the embroidered twin reactor globes would have been great conversation starters.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1usMZyN
via IFTTTWelcome Astro Boy (Tetsuwan Atomu or Mighty Atom) to my collection! Created by the great Osamu Tezuka in 1952, he's got heart.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vWZKQp
via IFTTTI almost bought this ceramic pig just so every day I could make up a new theory about its' origin. Almost.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xuEMcV
via IFTTTCombattler V and Giant Robo are pals.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1q8PiSv
via IFTTTThese are my chairs now. --Jojo
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vcSuTZ
via IFTTTPretty logotype.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sI38QK
via IFTTTWALL-E deadlifting a banana. E-306 looks on admiringly.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1voKmjc
via IFTTTBus sketch for the day: Wonder Woman. Started this morning, finished now.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EUWdIF
via IFTTTToday's Bus+Lunchtime Doodle is gender bent female Aquaman.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/uLYLbpCs8C/
via IFTTTDigging the cooler weather, still.Pants that are too big are good for holding a sealed beverage. Useful for my cold green tea. Shoplifting also somewhat more feasible. Though I've not shoplifted since I was 11 and living in New Orleans. Two times: both from a drugstore on my way to Christ the King Catholic School. First time: Baby Ruth candy bar. So easy and eaten so fast the wrongness came and went fast from my conscience. I planned the next job for a week. An expensive and really sweet Halloween skull mask. I visited it every day on the way to school. It smashed down into my khaki uniform pants pocket well. In preteen economic terms that *sin* was like 20 times worse than the chocolate and peanuts I had pilfered. Also, the mask stayed around in exactly the way an eaten candy doesn't. But I had to look at it. And in a mirror too. I wish I could say I gave it back but no. So I need pants and don't plan criminal commandment breaking anymore but I like Halloween still.

I forgot about the glass Del Taco ashtray I took when I was 16. That feels more like an anti smoking political act now though.Pants: Shoplifting
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vxudba
via IFTTT"3 Figures, 6 Weapons" sounds like the title of a terrible action movie. I did NOT buy these bots from CVS today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1peX3WQ
via IFTTTTrolley self.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zdjZzk
via IFTTTThis tree had a really bad day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/102BwLi
via IFTTTI love these adventurer women. She's a pirate and no "damsel in distress."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FeyBii
via IFTTTA girl and her squeaky cow plush toy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wg7UDT
via IFTTTI love that they have Super Best Friends stuff here
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wi6fxB
via IFTTT"Fairest of them All" tattoo girl from the bus yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rU0RfO
via IFTTTCowles Mountain is not easy for a fat fine fellow such as myself. Taking breaks. May not get to the summit this time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yaUhap
via IFTTTGiven I keep losing this in my pocket, it's time for a new PC919 Bleu Inactinique (non photo blue) pencil.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1t5vPa4
via IFTTTGetter Poseidon presents Ultraman Cosmos with a hacky sack. (It's technically a Sipa Sipa but never mind).
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/ubIG3FCs8o/
via IFTTTCookie time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rmpJOa
via IFTTTSexy Pirate costume, 1998.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1twuIjZ
via IFTTTGetter Poseidon and Ultraman Cosmos "raise the roof" about the code I wrote this week.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DMvqga
via IFTTTDuo of traffic cones hanging in the laundry room.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wDuUAw
via IFTTTThis week's desk bots are villains. Dreadwing & King Joe. They look at this cupcake monster with skepticism.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xwWig3
via IFTTTNot my costume.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sGSa9a
via IFTTTRobots and coaster time. Code is hard and I need distractions.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wG2EKX
via IFTTTAmong my happy places
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1q1zpxm
via IFTTTWandering in Little Italy earlier tonight.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/uyOiH3is_m/
via IFTTTKing Joe manages my raspberries and strawberries.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sQNOMG
via IFTTTClown Prince of Crime. Ready for work. Happy Halloween!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xIwfml
via IFTTTLipstick traces
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tpmCtD
via IFTTTMeeting selfies are more fun in costume.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/10bv7fZ
via IFTTTMy officemate has brought a VERY FLUFFY BABY CUTE PUPPY today. I'm stuck in here with them both.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/13pGP8O
via IFTTTMaster thespian. ACTING!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nYJFuy
via IFTTTClown party! With @missewon
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ea0RkN
via IFTTTThere are way worse views from public transportation than this.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wSp0tU
via IFTTTA benefit to being in Pacific Beach without a car is I can stop here and not worry about parking.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uiOjWp
via IFTTTSame bat time, same bat selfie.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ujU5am
via IFTTTMonday play begging.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rTX0Ql
via IFTTTDiagnostics
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wYwn4w
via IFTTTJojo yawns as the team debugs mobile network issues.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GkMiwX
via IFTTTFind your polling place and VOTE.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GkMj3Z
via IFTTTMark on the bus asked me what I draw and I answered "anything." We talked about what art is and whether I had a DeviantArt account (I do but don't use it). I drew him but he says he doesn't look this old. I failed to get his smile right, is what I see.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1txe02C
via IFTTTThis week's bots are pretty tough. I think Gipsy Danger may take a swing at The Big Guy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uwICoy
via IFTTTLunchtime.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pmVifN
via IFTTTGoofing at lunch. Orange.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vLBWNZ
via IFTTTMoonrise over the dead Rancho Bernardo Hooters. The Sublime & The Mundane.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1x6X5YR
via IFTTTSome mornings when I go to the post office early in Carmel Mountain, there's a collection of people standing around. They are waiting diligently for the passport office to open, not really in line but scattered, still, and waiting. There something about it that reminds me of Hitchcock's The Birds.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/10AC9Ls
via IFTTTEnd of the week still life.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qvQEqE
via IFTTTExquisite corpse artwork and breakfast with @missewon @leah7peah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1B2SPfz
via IFTTTA shout of pride to my dad Jim Crawford who served in the Army & Navy. Thank you for your service!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/10YGWq7
via IFTTTDreadwing & Rusty The Boy Robot are buds this week on the desk.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oRvYy4
via IFTTTThe fluffiest puppy in the whole wide world.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pZ39k1
via IFTTTBrie, pineapple guavas & persimmons assembly by Leah last night.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/116tcK1
via IFTTTLight morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sR0rbP
via IFTTTThis morning's neighborhood has made lovely typographical choices.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sR0tQQ
via IFTTTUtopia.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yI5vCX
via IFTTTAll the years back when I lived in L.A. I never went in here. Today I did. I'm pretty sure my dad got gear here in the early 1970s. I know he had A16 gear because I got it eventually. Also, the inside smells like campfire.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1H2IK2K
via IFTTTA very cute gate.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ufqlZB
via IFTTTFormer life.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1H3qXZd
via IFTTTRoot control from my wanderings today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wGWzvo
via IFTTTI'm not sure all these uniform clothes would pass muster with the uniform codes of the hospitals I worked at. Particularly the thigh high red ribbon stockings. Hmm.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F0LD24
via IFTTTWork obliges me to look at strange things. This is a raw comparison of font files.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/11rsRSi
via IFTTTThought of you @missewon
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F41D36
via IFTTTTransitory.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F41FYM
via IFTTTmuch clouds wow
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wZ50SK
via IFTTTJojo & the Cow toy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yVgvgn
via IFTTTJCPenny / J Penny
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1x5wx4Z
via IFTTTFruit & Robots.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qKp271
via IFTTTThese robots fell down because of a stray hacky sack. Chad and I are still terrible (or I am), but we're better than a month ago!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qKqGFS
via IFTTTGoof.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1v5vu8r
via IFTTTDate night has transmogrified into fabrics night.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HzHZOE
via IFTTT14.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AyiPya
via IFTTTMrs Claus.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AyiPOD
via IFTTTPersonality Comics Presents Paula Abdul. I'm pretty pleased with this $0.25 purchase.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xDW0GV
via IFTTTMink? Ferret? Other?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/15ajnNC
via IFTTTI can't remember the last time Mr. William Gibson wrote proper SF. If he's going to write it I'll read it.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/11pDlSy
via IFTTTThe very humble tie I got at AmVets for $4.95 for Joker cosplay is GETTING IT DONE today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ybRdMM
via IFTTTCapitalism made this. Capitalism is so weird. (from Friday)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1po6c4C
via IFTTTJojo is high energy this morning. Good energy in the office today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xUdiiZ
via IFTTTMy helper bots this week. It's been a busy week. Happy Thanksgiving!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/121UzFC
via IFTTTIn my 20s I loved getting things dry-cleaned. I love it again.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FBW7TX
via IFTTTForever in our hearts is right. I only found out this year there's a marker for my cousin so yesterday we went and visited. RIP.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FDSFdn
via IFTTTCollectible ceramic "Cobra 29" CB radio. Okay.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ytjChr
via IFTTTPEPPERS
from Instagram http://ift.tt/11D63zl
via IFTTTRolled in on Mission Bay
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/v_0-6uCs4F/
via IFTTTDerpy Kitties For Sale
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/v_3rm1Cs85/
via IFTTTTerrifying Eight-Toed Horse Clown is designed to hold liquor. Is terrifying.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/wCBqM9is3d/
via IFTTTThat time again. Be Positive.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/wC-9ddCs52/
via IFTTTWell Coach Z, that all depends, can you get yer green mittens on a fish-eye lens?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yCddAx
via IFTTTPepper Pachinko?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vke2Zi
via IFTTTI have not worn any kind of coat in a year. Today must be the day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/12Ajotn
via IFTTTLadies in Ponchos.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zp30G9
via IFTTTYesterday in Rancho Bernardo. Wearing a coat again today. And the 163 appears parking lot-ish. Luckily I have tunes to listen to and transit will take the time it takes.I write code for a living now.

I was trained as a Respiratory Therapist and worked in hospitals for many years. I was trained to care for people. When I graduated from RT school we were obliged to take a professional oath. "Do no harm" a concept from the ancients.

I have avoided the videos of Garner but this morning I thought I'd go look. It's horrifying. Yes, that's a belligerent guy. Yes he may have caused trouble. But once he's on the ground, at the bottom of a tackle of several men. A human being says "I can't breathe. I can't breathe. I can't breathe."

What the hell professional code do police officers swear to?

I've watched human beings die. When it can be prevented-- When it's clear as day it DID NOT HAVE TO HAPPEN-- When it's clearly avoidable. When it happens as the result of  human neglect, malfeasance, or professional incompetence. That's a clear moral wrong and those responsible must stand tall before the law and be made to account. It's all so clear. As clear as the writing on a piece of paper that says citizens of the United States have the right to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"

Heartbreaking.Clearly.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/12ADCDq
via IFTTTSymmetry at the dead motel.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/120Hahh
via IFTTTIn happier news, the somewhat nervous but quite cute SHELBY is in the house! She belongs to Amy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zqNzxd
via IFTTTIncredibly good lunch.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yYIpu2
via IFTTTTransit downtown
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FW7FTT
via IFTTTmint
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AuqHxL
via IFTTTFrs Rd.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CPkq4O
via IFTTTWinter Soldiers. This place has comics at the top of Horton Plaza and that is wacky.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Bn5Z6n
via IFTTTLeah taking photos of the kids is her happy place.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/15VK8G8
via IFTTTDecember 6th has turned out to be my best bodysurfing day of 2014. 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/15VK8Gd
via IFTTTBeing within 100 yards of an ocean is my favorite place.I went to Comic-Con this year!

It was great.

Things I did:

Things I wanted to do but couldn't.



GOOD LORD.

I started this as a draft and NEVER wrote about my experiences at Comic-Con 2013. PLUSWHICH I didn't write about my experiences at 2014 Comic-Con.

Will I write about my 2015 Comic-Con experiences?

Only time will tell. But time to clean house and turn this draft into a terrible post.

Voila!

Comic-Con 2013
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1w5XSrp
via IFTTTThe morning's random office kitchen offering appears in the office: Brandy Beans. Chocolate covered brandy. Exactly what it sounds like.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1z2AwTs
via IFTTTTraffic Cone FuneralHow I stay sane on Facebook:

Hide All From Terrible Site
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uiGYk5
via IFTTTClose Encounters.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BayPnq
via IFTTTNew fullscreen view of Slacker Radio looks pretty great! Try it out if you haven't. Anyone interested in a free month of Premium ping me I have a few coupon cards.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ArHAbM
via IFTTTQueen Jojo chilling on a rainy day. (in the background poster: Kurt Cobain's hands)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1As2aJ7
via IFTTTJojo demanding Max's attention. Jojo thinks the morning scrum is playtime.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wo15S6
via IFTTTRight after this, Shelby barked at me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qPcPxv
via IFTTTSan Diego Boat Parade of Smurfettes @ Seaport Village
from Instagram http://ift.tt/135dobg
via IFTTTBoat Parade of Lights! A San Diego tradition for decades!Guantanamo continues to be a blight on the reputation of the US and a corrupter of our professional military. If it does not operate according to the laws and ethical codes of the United States, then what, exactly does it stand for?

Nursing group urges military not to punish Guantnamo nurse who refused to force-feed detainees

In letters the American Nurses Association made public on Wednesday, the organization of 3.1 million registered nurses asked defense secretary Chuck Hagel and the chief of naval nursing to spare the anonymous Guantnamo-based nurse any disciplinary measure, as the nurses professional code of ethics enshrines a right to make an independent judgment about whether he or she should participate in this or any other activity.

A nurses primary commitment is to the patient, reads the letter, dated 17 October and first reported by the Miami Herald, which in July broke the story that a Guantnamo nurse, apparently for the first time, refused to participate in the force feedings.

The Blight of GuantanamoBack in 2012 I posted about my health and glucose level. The news was all bad.

Last month, I got re-tested. I posted to the-facebook:

My fasting glucose in 2012: 104 mg/dl. Pre-diabetic. Bad. Worry.

My fasting glucose this morning: 99 mg/dl. Normal.

Continuous quality improvement.

Vigilance.

Onward

And so goes the improvement kids.

Also, blogging. I'm toying with the site. Making it a bit better. The site had gone fallow and all I do is post my Instagram photos here. Recalibrating.
Glucose Update!I've been keeping a text file with links. Some of which I have read and listened to, some of which, not. It's sort of my "todo" list of links. And it's unwieldy but it's time to catch up with them all! And so, I present to you, TabSweep.txt. I'll be doing these in chunks of 25 links a day until it's cleared. So, like yeah man, enjoy!


The TAG Interview: A Brief History of CGI -- Part III
Why mobile web apps are slow from Drew Crawford
Steranko's adaptation of Outland: Outland
2013 Comic-Con audio of panels
Mechander Robo aka Mekanda (something for my robot todo list!)
Corporate Open Source Anti-Patterns: Doing It Wrong
Glen Keane (animator!) Lecture
Creating gradients with Copic Markers
"Califone.Stitches is an ever-changing 'music video' that creates itself on the fly using imagery and animated GIFs drawn from a curated set of blogs within the Tumblr ecosystem."
The improbably improbable story of Boxxy.
The Bechdel test asks if a work of fiction features at least two women who talk to each other about something other than a man. The requirement that the two women must be named is sometimes added.
3-D model of the Giant Robot Danguard Ace! (more: Wakusei Robo Danguard Ace
A comforting lie (on skeumorphs) by Daniel Rutter
Adam Savage talks about his fascination with the dodo bird, and how it led him on a strange and surprising double quest. It's an entertaining adventure through the mind of a creative obsessive.
Excellent post about Jack Kirby on the occasion of what would have been his 96th Birthday
Jeremy Keith testing webmentions (more about webmentions)
Richard Feynman on Rubber Bands
A unified theory about the utter unity of all the Pixar movies: THE PIXAR THEORY by Jon Negroni (along the same lines as The Tommy Westphall Universe)
Five hundred and seven mechanical movements
Marion Marguerite Stokes, a librarian, social justice advocate and TV interview program host, believed that it was vital to preserve television news.
What are Double Dee and Steinski up to?  (for what they made that was so awesome, see Waxy's post Double Dee and Steinski's "The Lesson")
Why isn't programming futuristic?
Bill Harris' post about his absent father is haunting and spare and made me cry.
Little Boots' Cyber Cinderella LED Dress
The comic book works of Rafer Roberts (Thanos and Darkseid is brilliant)
TabSweep.txt PART 1Hey look kids, more links! Links are fun. Links are the essential currency of the net. Or maybe it's apps. Apps are the essential currency and nobody is reading this.

But when the apps die, the links will live on. Maybe. (Bonus: read about webiness)


It Dont Gitmo Better Than This, journalism by Molly Crabapple
Restoring Trust in Government and the Internet by Bruce Schneier
Big Jelly by Rudy Rucker & Bruce Sterling
Molly Crabapple: finding art in the dark a story about Molly Crabapple. She inspires me.
How Concept Art Helped Sell the U.S. Space Program by Charley Parker
The Landline by Bruce Sterling
David Simon on 12 Years a Slave
How to redirect domains using Amazon Web Services
How Netflix Architects for Survival
This MacOS application displays the lyrics for the currently-playing track in iTunes or Spotify. by jwz.
Bruce Sterling on Design Fiction (design fiction as a concept has been inspirational to me of late)
I have been mentioned in two metafilter Podcasts. (55: transcript) and (86: transcript for my AskMe question What did or would Walter Sobchak's dog tags say?).
Blogging is independent in a way that the big social software services are not.
Clever interactive visualization of traffic waves
Kate Darling on Robot Ethics: Humans bond with robots in surprising ways  soldiers honor robots with medals, demand that robots be repaired instead of being replaced, and demand funerals when they are destroyed. She tells us about a mine-defusing robot that looked like a stick insect. It lost one of six legs each time it exploded a mine. The colonel in charge of the exercise called it off on the grounds that a robot reduced to two or three legs was inhumane.
Snowden, the NSA, and Free Software - Bruce Schneier + Eben Moglen
Design your world this way; this should be your philosophy. I look at Forbes 400, look at their figures and see how its gone up in the last 30 years. Americans at the bottom are also improving, and that is great, but we dont want that degree of inequality. Only governments can correct that. OMG Warren Buffett is awesome. This thought experiment is a lens to observe and correct inequality.
War Nurse a public domain superhero.
Four Freedoms, expounded upon by Matt of WordPress. ArtLung blog has run WordPress for a long time.
Preaching Back At You: Billboard Campaign (billboards based on more negative biblical passages)
Reboot or die: bidding a fond farewell to FF. I really liked that run of FF by Allred.
Chinese on the moon! (previously: India, China, Space Race)
Sequential Wednesdays #23.1  NYCC 13 Interview With Paul Pope (Paul Pope is a comics artist)
Why Indie Developers Go Insane by Jeff Vogel (I have been reading writing by Jeff Vogel for a long time) Also, Please Stop Complaining About Free Mobile Games Now. PLEASE.
Dont Let Harlan Ellison Hear This Portrait of the pulp writer as an old man by Nick Mamatas

Previously in TabSweep.txt.
TabSweep.txt PART 2The link disbursement continues! Another 25 or thereabouts links for your enjoyment.


"Mira la loca!" by Suebob. Also, Just A Minute, Buddy, advising dudes on the inadvisablity of trying to mask objectifying women with humor. It's ungentlemanly.
Google's Material Design for Bootstrap
The myth of the fall by Eric S. Raymond (open source was only possible when software became portable which was only possible because we could write software that thought less about the hardware) & Reflections on Eric Raymonds Myth of the Fall by Tim O'Reilly
Iggy & Charli's homage to Clueless is perfectly executed. Problematic racial politics of Iggy notwithstanding
If The Numbers DonT Lie  What Shall We Put Above The Fold? by David LaFontaine. Are we doomed to clickbait?
Things which are accidentally Turing-Complete (and what, pray tell, is Turing completeness?)
Background stripes in CSS
But WHAT CAN BE DONE: Dos and Donts To Combat Online Sexism by Leigh Alexander
Eloquent JavaScript by Marijn Haverbeke
JIX: Build things with straws. This looks like real fun.
Buckaroo Banzai Anniversary Special: Island of Misfit Films  Part 2
Rare Animation Books and Interviews on Archive.org
Comic Neue, a free font. "Comic Sans wasnt designed to be the worlds most ubiquitous casual typeface1. Comic Neue aspires to be the casual script choice for everyone including the typographically savvy."
A bicycle and a few friends lead a big man into an even bigger world by David Boerner
Jest painless JavaScript unit testing
Music Actions Export your music listening actions using schema.org ListenAction
The Secret History of Hypertext by Alex Wright
Dave Gibbons (of Watchmen of course) interview.
Americans are almost as ignorant as Italians. Quite a headline.
Extreme Web Performance for Mobile Devices by Maximiliano Firtman
David Simon on the state of America. Horror Show he says.
Figure & Gesture Drawing tools for artists.
This is something I wrote in 2008. About race and my own identity. Race & Cesar Chavez Day. 2014 has been racially charged. I hope someday the USA can have something like South Africa's Truth and reconciliation commission
Nick Mamatas on fighting words
A Brief History of BatgirlTabSweep.txt PART 3
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ziENnc
via IFTTTQuote of the day: "If they think youre crude, go technical; if they think youre technical, go crude. Im a very technical boy. So I decided to get as crude as possible."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BZGKr5
via IFTTTFestive 19th century naval warfare! Merry Christmas!I've been playing Clash of Clans since the Summer. I play it to keep in touch with my Godson Zac, though I think he's playing it less than me these days.

Today I removed a little Christmas Cheer, an "X-Mas Tree" which is an Obstacle in the game. Obstacles can be removed for a cost, and then sometimes, usually will give a benefit in one of the currencies of the game: experience points, gems, coins, or elixir. I pretty much always just want gems as they are the least "earnable" items in the game. But Putting out 25,000 coins to get back 75,000 coins is not so bad. See also: Is there any benefit to removing the X-Mas tree from my land? over on gaming.stackexchange.com

Here's what my base looks like today:



And what's that in the lower left corner? A little present and a little tree?



Merry X-Mas! :-)



Any of my readers play Clash of Clans?Clash of Clans X-Mas Tree
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wNPAUd
via IFTTTTonight's haul hanging out with Erin @missewon . Villainous Lair super helpful to her!The TabSweep.txt continueth!


What Every Frontend Developer Should Know About Webpage Rendering by Alexander Skutin
The Case for Reparations: An Intellectual Autopsy "Four years ago, I opposed reparations. Here's the story of how my thinking has evolved since then." by Ta-Nehisi Coates
Leaflet -- an open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps
Mega Engineering--Process and Progress of drawing Mega City 2 by Ulises Farinas
Outer Space: VVVVVV: Make and Play Edition!
In defense of Howard the Duck
The Personal Blog by Fred Wlson
Blogs Are Cool Again by Mustapha Hamoul
JavaScript and the Netflix User Interface Conditional dependency resolution by Alex Liu of Netflix
Teaching Engineering As A Social Science by Edward Wenk
Will Eisner did covers for The Preventative Maintenance Monthly. Pinuptastic!
Amanda Conner, comics artist, was interviewed by People Magazine. Which is surprising.
Mirrortocracy. Meritocracy is easier said than done.
2014 article about not-San Diego Comic-Con Comic-Con events by my pal Susan Myrland
Beets: "The purpose of beets is to get your music collection right once and for all. It catalogs your collection, automatically improving its metadata as it goes using the MusicBrainz database. Then it provides a bouquet of tools for manipulating and accessing your music."
Originally, Toy Story was meant to be dark and edgy. Cooler heads prevailed. Also includes amazing Up parody.
The insane, sexist history and feminist triumphs of Captain Marvel
No Girls Allowed: Unraveling the story behind the stereotype of video games being for boys.
Game of Thrones: Being A Princess Is A Rough Gig. A great survey of women's role in the world of Game of Thrones, along with possible historical parallels.
Abandoned railways of California
Wanderers - a short film by Erik Wernquist from Erik Wernquist on Vimeo:
Lockjaw: the world's greatest superhero
Playboy Paymates decades later. AWESOME.
San Diego Comic Con 2014 (July 23-27) mp3 audio files.
KATE BUSH THEN. KATE BUSH NOW. KATE BUSH FOREVER.

Previously.TabSweep.txt PART 4More linky links, linktastic linkies!


ASTOUNDING HAWKGIRL COSPLAY
Why I Just Asked My Students To Put Their Laptops Away by Clay Shirky
Seeing Spaces by Bret Victor
The Other Side of Diversity
JavaScript Memory Management Masterclass by Addy Osmani
Skadi is a great comic about a barbarian girl who quests with her sidekick Diseaseoid to partake of every kind of flesh. You shoud be reading it.

Superman and Atticus Finch
I hanker for a hunk of cheese! (see Time for Timer)
Rap Genius has turned into just Genius and now they even annotate books. Like Neuromancer.
One Day I Will Die On Mars by Paul Ford
The Field Negro on Bill Cosby Oh my goodness how the news about Cosby disappoints me
An art process post by Melissa Ballesteros for her pinup piece "Ukelele Bunny."
Racism is a huge bummer. My Vassar College Faculty ID Makes Everything OK by Kiese Laymon
Add to the "TO-WATCH" list: Luis Bu&ntilde;uel's Simon of the Desert
Force Five was a giant robot tv show anthology. It included Danguard Ace!
Mark Twain reviews The Book of Mormon
And more giant robot tv
And Robotan, another robot tv show
And another one which includes some Mazinger Z!
Let's read some scripture! Lamentations.
ROBOT TOYS ROBOT TOYS ROBOT TOYS
Ten Ways to Add Life to a [COMIC BOOK] Page by Steve Lieber
An oral history of Boogie Nights
Matsumoto Katsuji and the American Roots of Kawaii

TabSweep.txt PART 5
from Instagram http://ift.tt/13D1Ld1
via IFTTTDerpy smile + statuary @ Villainous Lair Comics last night.

I have to check out this webcomic: SEASONAL DEPRESSIONTO APPEAL TO GIRLS WITH LEGOSThe smartest take on The Interview debacle I've read is in "America didn't cave. Hollywood didn't cave. Capitalism caved." by David Atkins. This is the free market everyone says solves everything. Well, it does, but it doesn't solve things in ways that have anything to do with "freedom of speech.":

"But in truth, neither "America" nor "Hollywood" caved to the terrorist threat. Capitalism did. Sony is a Japanese-owned multinational corporation. Its decision to cancel the opening of the film was precipitated not by Hollywood studios, but by the defensive decision of a bunch of corporate conglomerate theater chains with only tenuous connections to the star-studded production companies in Tinseltown."

...

"That's capitalism. Capitalism doesn't care about standing for the principle of free speech, or for patriotism, or for standing up to bullies. It cares about money."
WORKING AS DESIGNED
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1v8pnwz
via IFTTTMe. Mid-1990s. Erin was visiting me in L.A. and we went into this motorcycle gear shop on Hollywood Blvd. I don't think the leather vest is "me." But the hair is great. Thanks @missewon for exhuming this pic!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1v1NGeD
via IFTTTHilarious cup is hilarious. Microsoft OS/2 mug!This morning (December 19, 2014) I got an email:




Breaking Bad. Lost. The Office. Friends. Good things come to an end.

Later this month, we will be shutting down tvtag and its supporting apps in order to refocus our efforts on other initiatives.

Effective January 1, tvtag.com will no longer be accessible and the tvtag mobile apps will cease to function. We recognize that some of you may want to save and archive your user data. If youre interested in requesting a copy of your data, please email your username in the subject line to datarequest@tvtag.com.

Were grateful for all of your support over the last four years. Youve helped us build an incredible community of fellow TV fans. Well miss it dearly.

While this is a goodbye for now, we hope to say hello again soon. Until then, join the conversation about your favorite shows by following the tvtag Twitter accounts listed right here.

Thanks.

The tvtag Team


i.TV, LLC, Provo, UT 84604


Back on January 25, 2014 I got this email:







Gluers!

Next week, there will be some major updates to GetGlue and we wanted you to be the first to know.

As many of you are aware, this update has been a long time coming. In fact, when GetGlue joined i.TV in November, one of the reasons we were all so excited about both companies coming together is that both teams shared a vision for how to make watching TV more fun and interesting. The update to GetGlue you'll see next week is a culmination of a lot of hard work and your feedback. We can't wait to share it with you!

Here's what you'll see:


GetGlue will now be known as tvtag

The app icon and brand colors will change from blue to red

In response to your feedback, we will incorporate a ton of new features we cant wait for you to try out

Thanks for all your support. We look forward to watching TV with you for many years to come!

The GetGlue Team

P.S. And as a final reminder,  will become  next week. So heads up!

I did send a request to get my data out. And got a prompt reply from their system with the subject line "tvtag Data Archive Request Received Re: artlung":

This is a quick confirmation to let you know we received your request and are in the process of packaging your data archive. Once we are finished compiling your data, we will send you a download link.

In the meantime, stay in touch with tvtag by following your favorite shows Twitter accounts listed here: https://twitter.com/tvtag/lists/tvtag-shows/members

Thanks.

The tvtag Team


Less than an how later I got back an email and a link to a zip containing a data file.



Subject: Download Your tvtag Data

Please use the following link to download your tvtag data archive:

http://statics.tvtag.com/data-requests/ ... /artlung_tvtag.zip


The datafile is not actually valid JSON, but rather a file with each line as a valid chunk of JSON like this.

{
  "action": "Liked",
  "director": "harold ramis",
  "displayName": "",
  "image": "http://graphics8.nytimes.com//images/section/movies/amg/dvd/cov150/drt000/t004/t00458awtxk.jpg",
  "link": "http://movies2.nytimes.com/gst/movies/movie.html",
  "objectKey": "movies/groundhog_day/harold_ramis",
  "private": "false",
  "source": "http://getglue.com/quickstart",
  "timestamp": "2010-09-28T15:26:14Z",
  "title": "Groundhog Day",
  "userId": "artlung"
}

You can look at it here https://gist.github.com/artlung/bc7118c3bb42d06871f4

Web pages must live forever, social software, less so.

See also: GetGlue successor TVtag is shutting down (GigaOm)




GetGlue  tvtag  /dev/null
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1v5dKpd
via IFTTT"Sister, there's a story there!" -or- Merry Christmas, Art Car style.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wAFQht
via IFTTTMy first, of many, many questions is: "was this wolf angry before he lost that eye?" And then, "did anyone on the Old Spice creative team manage to keep their job?"10 YEARS MARRIED TO Leah as of December 21st this year.

Here's what we sounded like a bit after we got married:

http://files.artlung.com/audioblogger.com/www-audioblogger-com-media-25807-126148.mp3

Because of this, we know where we actually got married: The Stained Glass Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Then:


Now:


Hey, Onward.
Aniversary: 10thSometimes I think I've made more cool stuff than I actually have. In particular I thought I made more headers that were Christmas themed. Turns out there's only one.



Still, there are a few cool Christmasy things in my archives:













I've improved the display of search on my site, still not perfect, but improving. Christmas for example. Useful to me if not anyone else.

Merry Christmas Everybody!Christmas Cheer.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wiVmJI
via IFTTTSushi mandala 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CCYQze
via IFTTTVenn diagram intersection of Funko collectors and Duck Dynasty boosters: nil. @ 99 cent store.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JRe3Pg
via IFTTTTidings of great joy: peace, equanimity & love be upon you all! Merry Christmas!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1H0FsMe
via IFTTTChristmas with Eddy's & Crawfords is a wonderful Christmas. Home is where you're at!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wL9jFy
via IFTTTZoey is super sweet 8 yr old chocolate lab. My Aunt Joan got her Saturday!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vfsWQE
via IFTTTRusty is regal.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AOXMpO
via IFTTTDewey is not a small dog.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vhawyY
via IFTTTChristmas was new bot day. Welcome Baymax from Big Hero 6 + cat Mochi. Thanks Leah!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xWaGCX
via IFTTTToday I met Shatzi who is being dog-sat by Dev & Lacey.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xWgnRf
via IFTTTStepdog! Pogo is a sweetie, still.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xn0BMp
via IFTTTMe & Shatzi

Back in August I made this image of myself from different eras. It was fun to put it together.

It showcases my various haircuts and facial hair.

Top Left

A driver's license photo from the mid 1990s. I arrived in California to try to get into movies. I cultivated long hair and a bushy beard. Drivers License Party Trick, Goodbye

Top Middle

Bolo tie, mustache. I was in Respiratory Therapy school. I posted this photo, from my college yearbook, back in 2002.

Top Right

Me, California Hospital, 1996. Self-taken shot of me as a Respiratory Therapist on the roof of the parking garage of the hospital where I was working in 1996. Archeology: 1996: When I was a Respiratory Therapist.

Middle Row, Center

I'm in headphones. Roughly 7 years old. I'm probably listening to music or to a Star Wars soundtrack. You can see old splash pages here: Jan 30, 2002.

Middle Row, Right

From this year, particularly good hair day.

Bottom Left

2010 I think. Grieving. Over-sideburned and over-goateed.

Bottom Center

This year at La Jolla. Wet head and slightly chilly. The beach is where it's at.

Bottom Right

13 year old me with my sister at Yellowstone. I posted this one back in 2002. Whew! Long Lost Geyser Picture.

Enough narcissism! Onward, dudes.
Reflecting on myself, August 2014.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/xK-dyjCs1O/
via IFTTTUnkempt and ready for a new year, plz. I'll be patient.The phrase "a climate-ravaged corporatist dystopia of inequality that mirrors feudalism" is quite pithy, no?

Obviously, if youre looking for bad news you can find it everywhere. Its entirely possible were headed for a climate-ravaged corporatist dystopia of inequality that mirrors feudalism.

But signs of a new moral awakening are also out therenot the least of which is, incredibly, coming from The Vatican.

Source: David Atkins, writing for the Washington Monthly."a climate-ravaged corporatist dystopia of inequality that mirrors feudalism"It's been a while since I've given the bots any attention. Welcoming Baymax to the fold. There are more coming this year including the Kickstarter-funded Project: Vulkira. I probably will move to replace the Mazinger Z and Aphrodite A bots. The gashapon size and poseability is just way too low. I'm looking forward to a fun robotic new year.Have a robotic new year!
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/xNNNp2iswv/
via IFTTTBroken windows in action at the dead Hooters. Sad.
from Instagram http://instagram.com/p/xQPBnZis5_/
via IFTTTIt's that oh-so magical time of year when Pumpkin Spice goes on Clearance!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/13JIlSG
via IFTTTWindy cold and beautiful sunrise.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1y6NPoi
via IFTTTBreakfast in Berkeley, waiting for.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xgDHrw
via IFTTTBREAD BREAD AND BREAD
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EK4bH4
via IFTTTCantilever.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tofScb
via IFTTTLille of Ukiah on New Year's Eve
from Instagram http://ift.tt/13VaWoy
via IFTTTLille is pretty sure she's a lapdog. "Act as if" as they say.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rFNCpM
via IFTTT"Good morning! Happy New Year 2015!" is what this translates as. Thanks Lille.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xjNP2E
via IFTTTFrost in the shade.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xjNP2K
via IFTTTLille found a stick and then swaggers for Matt
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CWtKmi
via IFTTTROAD ENDS IN WATER
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xb8HJE
via IFTTTNEXT HOLIDAY PLZ!!!New Year's Resolution

Resolve

Ongoing resolution

Resolving Power

Resolute Desk

High Resolution

Resolved

It's 2015 today. It's been this for a few hours now. It's now three years I've worked for the same company. It's ten years I've been married to the same woman. It's been another year since my Mom died. I am happy to be moving forward in time with the typical amount of uncertainty and pain attendant to human life in this 21st century.

I am bothered by a lot of what is happening this century. The entities that have been forces for good in the world are turning rather more negative. The forces that have provided valuable protection now surveil citizens without the degree of self-skepticism I would expect of forces with great power. If you're going to tap my phones and computers please have the decency to it with some checks and balances. If you're going to kill human beings from a great height do it with some due process. If you're going to police my streets do it as though you were protectIng and serving the people being policed no matter their age or skin color. And it people point out that there ought to be accountability when things go poorly don't act offended. Your job is hard and criticism from the public is built into it.

There's a Woody Guthrie song called "All You Fascists" I like. I like the cover by Billy Bragg & Wilco. The song is from the 1940s but the words still apply.

Race hatred cannot stop us
This one thing we know
Your poll tax and Jim Crow
And greed has got to go

We're still dealing with what the U.S. means. How does it run? What does it mean?

WE THE PEOPLE

What people? All people? And are all the people accounted for in that number? And how doe we harness everyone's ideas about what being United States is and move that ENTITY to reflect those ideas? It's voting, right? Poll taxes are gone as such but the voting process is folded, spindled and mutilated in ways that need change. We must all change. That includes you U.S. Citizens out there. You are the "WE" in "WE THE PEOPLE."

I'm deep in thought about this and expect change in this area. From myself. And from you.

Thanks for reading this.

Joe.Resolution
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yfQKek
via IFTTTLille: "what do you think you're doing?"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AnkPIs
via IFTTTAll good things
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AnkRzW
via IFTTT"Under a big double-ya, see, a BIG W."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1K7wD5M
via IFTTTRE SHAKESPEARE / This is a great small town library / no idea what this look is
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AjSKAC
via IFTTTWagenseller Neighborhood Free Library, Ukiah, California.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Anwpn4
via IFTTTPalace Hotel. Ukiah, California. "Dormant and rotting" since 1990 says The Press Democrat.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ygZLUE
via IFTTTOaxaca Mama Salsa
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1D0H1KA
via IFTTTBlue Jay.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1K8qDKi
via IFTTTIt's a blue vinyl night.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rOa3cz
via IFTTTLille the sweetie.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/14kD4Cz
via IFTTTFoggy morning Ukiah. It has been a lovely trip with old friends. Soon driving home. Here's to an amazing new year.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1A7f3Mn
via IFTTTSouthbound detour, Golden Gate.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1I9fx3S
via IFTTTWind does wonders for my vanity. Hair perfect.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vIZ2o5
via IFTTTIsn't she lovely?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xlUQ3c
via IFTTT1000% Klassy. Jelly Belly Cockroach candy and Duck Dynasty beard lollipop.Current musical obsession for me is Frostbite by kitty. I first became aware of her with OK Cupid a few years ago.



That was low-fi hip-hop done at an unexpected angle - young, white, female and with a voice that reminded me of hip-hop that came from somewhere other than mainstream. Acts like De La Soul, Arrested Development, Jurassic 5, Digable Planets that came with other kinds of gravity than New York or West Coast B-Boy.

Frostbite comes from yet a different angle and puts me in the mind of techno and rave culture. I'm reminded of 808 State or The Orb but I'm not well-versed enough in music to even know what other similar acts there might be. The addition of lyrical density to that kind of music kills me. I love wordplay even if I can't exactly hear what the words are. Frostbite knocks out with the way it seems like total piffle but is more than just "let's dance" and "meet cutes" and "hey dj." It has anger and longing and sadness and totally works on me. Dance music that has a brain I'm a sucker for.

FROSTBITE by kittyFrostbite by kitty
from Instagram http://ift.tt/13UNIPc
via IFTTTOops Sushi has infographics. It's L.A.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/14fsOe3
via IFTTTEdamame time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wlPlx6
via IFTTTEveryone gets new toilet bowls! It's like Christmas all over AGAIN!To me ((I reserve the right to add many more memories to this post in the future.)):

James Ellroy
The Black Dahlia
Militant Angeleno's ramblings get at the wild enthusiasm many have for L.A. ((See Militant Angeleno))
No traffic on the 110 at 3 in the morning blasting the radio
5 years old and going to Phillippe's while my Dad was on a break from working as a Nurse at L.A. County
Flying a kite on the beach in Santa Monica
Driving up the coast for lunch at Neptune's Net
Having lunch along the fountain in front of the downtown public library
Greenpeace climbing up the ARCO building while I was contracting at ARCO
Scoping out the Art Center Gallery with my pal when I was 16 years old
The Pantry
Coffee bean muffin from The Pantry that made me so so wired
The L.A. Auto show with my pal Chris
World Book &amp; News on Cahuenga and buying the L.A. Times, New York Times, Film Comment, Cinefex, Spy Magazine, and Serif after a night shift
Hearing nurses tell their stories of the riots
Dave Segovia talking about the aftermath of the Northridge Quake -- rolling around in office chairs on the 4th floor getting ready for the day shift

Little Tokyo AAA guy kidding with stupid teenage me that he would have to break my window to get my car open and keys out. Then him swiping that slim jim so easy it was spooky.
Macromedia Flash launch party that was like a big party scene from Swingers
Golden Apple Comics
Seeing a midnight show of the Stallone version of Judge Dredd at the Rialto in Alhambra
Playing Red Planet at Virtual World in Pasadena

Web405 &amp; Goodtimes mailing lists
Film crews every which place all around at any hour
I saw Puck ((Puck of The Real World)) at Pink's
Star sightings too numerous to mention
Getting groceries at 2am
"You've Got Bad Taste" store by Exene in Silverlake
Taking the Train up and Greyhound Bus back from San Diego to see Stew in The Cover Problem ((These Changes, 2003))
C'mon, the city can be just beautiful: Downtown L.A. as seen from Griffith Park (2003)
Getting lost at Cinco de Mayo celebrations downtown when I was way too young to be los in Downtown Los Angeles
My dad getting all nostalgic for Tacos at El Tepeyac in the 90s, remembering tacos he had there in the 70s
Seeing my dad graduate as a Physician Assistant from USC
Philip K. Dick. Blade Runner. LA15. Snow Crash. "That gibberish he talked was city speak, gutter talk. A mishmash of Japanese, Spanish, German, what have you. I didn't really need a translator, I knew the lingo, every good cop did. But I wasn't going to make it easier for him."
Los Lobos. Always.
"Drive west on Sunset, to the sea..."
SIGGRAPH blew my mind in 1995
Opamp Books. Tower on Sunset. Midnight Special Bookstore in Santa Monica. Hennessey+Ingalls. The Last Bookstore. Golden Apple Comics. I still haven't been to Meltdown Comics or Nerdmelt. ((But I will.))
Tools of the Trade Show in Pasadena where I got Syd Mead's autograph
Wasteland by Warrior Soul & How To Survive in South Central by Ice Cube & Screenwriter's Blues by Soul Coughing
Little old lady protesters in Alhambra with picket signs in front of an adult theater when I was a kid
Home movies of Rose Bowl Parades I went to and don't remember when I was 3 and 4 years old
Digital Coast Magazine events in the 1990s hosted Jason Calacanis
Going to Canter's on New Year's Day after a night shift and getting a cheesecake to celebrate with
I never fell in love with anyone from Los Angeles, but I did fall in love with the city

L.A. is.Since the Pleistocene, 2001, jwz has been using the tag "grim meathook future" on his LiveJournal blog. I've always liked that. I don't remember him really defining the term. In a comment today he sums up, in discussing which PKD film adaptation is worthwhile I think he summed up "grim meathook" pretty well:

That said, the interesting thing about adaptations is that sometimes the worst one is the best. For example, New Rose Hotel is a pretty faithful adaptation, but it's an absolutely shit movie unless your fetish is hours of watching Harvey Keitel cry. Whereas, the best Gibson adaptation is unquestionably Strange Days, even though he didn't write any of it. It captured the essence of his "sprawl" books in a way nothing else ever approached. So maybe The Matrix was the best Dick movie. Or maybe it was Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.

Sometimes I'll argue that Dick and Lovecraft were the most influential writers of the Twentieth Century (though when I'm in that mood I'm more likely to argue that The Pixies have been far more influential than The Beatles, but that's neither here nor there) because even though their actual, you know, writing and stories were kind of crap, their ideas defined, predicted, categorized and possibly invented the fucked up world we live in: that the world is vastly larger and more complicated than you can possibly comprehend, and that you are surrounded by conspiracies -- real, existing ones -- that desperately want to hide from you who you are and what is really pressing in around you. That's basically the human condition from the Cold War through Y2K and beyond. Pre-Millenium Tension: a phrase that is now quaint.

I appreciate the point of view of people who can see the present as dystopia. Cyberpunk foreshadowed our world.
Grim Meathook Present by jwz
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wmo1yM
via IFTTTIn addition: IT'S A SHELBY DAY! So we got that going for us.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1s3wlXS
via IFTTTI need a lot of different stuff on my desk this week.I have been wondering about my audience for this blog for a long time. As a reminder, I've been posting material here since 2001. 2015 marks 14 years of postings. Lately it seems it's mostly a republishing platform for my Instagram photos because of my distrust of providers of internet services.

Here's a header I made in 2001, back when the blog part was still hosted on blogger, wondering if anyone is reading this.

So at least I'm consistent.

The other day I tweeted to avocadoh8 in response to her blog posting: DOES ANYBODY BLOG ANYMORE?. Here's a small excerpt.

It was only when I saw the caption on an Instagram photo of one of my contacts, recentlya person whose blog I used to read regularlymentioning that she'd blogged for the first time in a long time, and then a follow-up comment that said, "It's rare that I go check out blogs anymore..." that I realized that a tipping point had been reached, and non-blogging might be A Thing now. Not even a thing we all complain about, as we used to ("I'm way behind on my blogging," yadda yadda), but just A Thing. It reminds me of that scene in When Harry Met Sally when Sally says something about her friend who complains that now that she has kids she and her husband never have sex anymore, and then she says, actually, now that I think about it, she didn't even complain about it.

In reply I said:

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/552211707355885568

I place a good deal of the blame for the lack of blog interaction on the death of mainstream RSS reading, which is to say, many people became reliant on Google Reader and when it shut down, we no longer had that connection to a wider network. I could follow the RSS of friends, of enemies, of things I was vaguely curious about, without the hassle of "friending" or "liking" them.

These exogenous entities: sometimes people, sometimes companies, aggressively solicit me to "FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK." And that's all well and good. But what if I'm only mildly curious? What if I only want to dip my toe in? If I like your page or follow you on twitter, am I not signaling something?

There's a thing that I hear people complain about on tumblr and Instagram. Basically a person starts getting notifications that a certain account starts liking things of theirs. They like lots of the complainers things. There's that button with a heart on it, and they click it like mad. They are signaling their appreciation, or something. But because of the notification systems on these applications, it looks like obsessive interest. It reads as stalking. Which is creepy. People sometimes call this "creeping."

I do a quick search for "instagram creeping" and I see a question that reads like this:

I was creeping my teachers instagram and accidentally liked something HELP?  He has an iPhone and I was creeping his instagram and I accidentally liked a photo of him and I changed my instagram name and EVERYTHING if he gets the push notification that I liked it would it be under my old name or the new one.

This is a strange culture, isn't it? We've created such a highly engaged and interactive array of systems that we are now afraid to use them. We're afraid because we don't have the option, usually, to "secretly" like something. When I'm reading your instagram I'm conducting surveillance. I'm gathering sensitive information about you. Even when I'm posting to instagram I'm conducting surveillance. If you reply or like my photo I know you're on your phone. Same thing on Facebook. There's no latency to take time and think.

My tweet to avocadoh8 was in response to a few-days-old blog posting. It was not immediate. It's the same as the instagram-surveillance panopticon really, just a bit slower and more manual. But I had time to think about it.

I've been working on this blog a bit in the past month. I've been altering the code. Improving it incrementally. Yesterday I added improvements to how it looks if you're reading it on a phone. I'm trying to make it better for me. Readability. Usability. I do this for me because I view artlung.com as a representation of my creative output and it's gone fallow for about 5 years. I also do it because it helps me learn things. It tunes my skills. SASS and as usual WordPress are things worth getting better at.

But it is in service to surveillance? Is all my internet work about that now? The gathering of information about users in order to sell to them, to monitor them, to control them? I'm being grandiose of course: I LOVE seeing photos of my godson on Instagram. It gives me great joy. But there are things very rotten about how we deploy these systems. And as I lamented about surveillance by the US government in post on New Year's: so too I begin to wonder about what information we allow to disseminate inside private entities and to our friends and not-friends.

It feels good to reflect and write.

It feels less good to reflect and see things that are worrisome.

But I can change, and we can change.

And we can change these systems to serve us.

But how?"I wonder if anyone is reading this"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1se9gBT
via IFTTTI ordered regular black coffee. I am delighted by the inclusion of this heart. A++
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1C1dgFy
via IFTTTserious wink.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1y9Uehx
via IFTTTOver the golf course morning
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1C2Ovc5
via IFTTTFirst bus doodles of the new year. The blank page tyranny is vanquished. Upper left = from life.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1z7DV6t
via IFTTTThree succulents."...but I hope the idea sticks, because more veterans, from Iraq and Afghanistan this time, as well as another generation of mothers, single parents and workers who have been out of the job market, need lower obstacles between now and the next chapter of their lives."

-- Tom Hanks

I came out of high school utterly and completely adrift. I took courses in a bit of everything at Mesa Community College and San Diego City College. Great teachers for a great price. Those courses shaped me. Why just the other day I used my Drafting skills to draw up plans based on our kitchen for a contractor. I think about Professor Pidgeon at Mesa who inspired in Philosophy.

Many years later in life I took inspirational Java and C++ courses from Larry Forman at City College. The knowledge gained and programming habits learned remain a layer of bedrock for my programming life. (10 years ago! here and here)

CHRV College of Health Sciences is not a community college as such, but I did take several key courses at Virginia Western Community College though which were pretty great.

I think of how my world view was expanded. I was a kid, really, but took classes alongside people younger than me (16 if I remember) to people in their 50s. That shaped me as much as the learning itself, maybe.

So, I agree with Tom Hanks. By all means, PLEASE use my tax dollars to give people a chance to improve themselves. The job world is changing. Education is the thing to help people change with it.Tom Hanks, I love you!Found in the excellent article from the Comics Journal: CHARLIE Horses: On Caricature and Outrage. It's by Art Young and it's from 1921.



More about Art Young at www.cartooningcapitalism.com.Cartoon of the Day
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xzsWvR
via IFTTTDate night dessert.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/17Vyxb1
via IFTTTBagged Squirrel Girl comic. And new Allred Silver Surfer. Ladies pedicuring.I posted this to Facebook and not here last year. But it's worth reposting. Originally from June 15, 2014. i posted it with this photo.



This week I got to see 2001: a space odyssey on a big screen for a third time. I got to see Kier Dullea in person talk about having worked on it. I've loved that amazing, difficult film a long time. The second time I saw it was at the Ken Cinema in the 80s. The FIRST time I saw it was 1981 or so. I saw it with my Dad. His enthusiasm for that film was infectious. We went to see it at a revival house somewhere in the Gretna/New Orleans area. We lived in Gretna, and my Dad was going to school at LSU. It is hard to understand for younger people now that you could not see any movie anytime by pulling it up online or renting it at a video store. Back then if you wanted to see an old movie you had to watch for it to appear on TV or check the movie listings in the newspaper. I remember him seeing "2001" listed and saying "we've got to see it!" I was only 11 but he was determined. So we went. It was still light out. We saw it. It was amazing. On the drive home, we discussed the movie and what the monolith might have meant to those neanderthals; what the implications were for thinking computers, and what the heck might have been happening at the end. He ALWAYS talked to me as an intellectual peer. Happy Father's Day Dad, Thanks for everything!
Father's Day, 2014.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/15ohaOG
via IFTTTSunrise over North Hollywood
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BpckhG
via IFTTTAlexandra's neighbor roof cat.I don't often post about work. If at all. Well, I'm a longtime fan of Christina Aguilera, appallingly documented by a search of this here blog. So here's a post with a radio station from where I work (Slacker Radio). Enjoy!



Fifteen years ago this week, Christina Aguileras "What a Girl Wants became the first number one song of the 2000s. Since then, Aguilera's career has grown exponentially, from winning four Grammys to a starring role in "Burlesque" to her work on "The Voice." In tribute to her amazing career, weve created a station that features your favorite Christina Aguilera songs. We used our E.Q. system or engagement quotient to add up your plays, skips, hearts and bans, and came up with this definitive list.

If you're in the US or Canada, check out Christina Aguilera Top 33 on Slacker
Christina Aguilera Top 33
from Instagram http://ift.tt/15t403p
via IFTTTYesterday: Grandparenthood. This morning: leftover Canter's Rueben for breakfast. Life is full of surprises. Some great!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/15zyKzP
via IFTTTEclipse is bumming me out right now.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1t2BiRb
via IFTTT

Robby (I always want to type "Robbie" instead) is a straight-up classic. He was a heck of an actor too. I love him in Forbidden Planet. The fellow who fabricated (if not designed?) him, Robert Kinoshita recently died at age 100. ((Thank you Scott Andrew for pointing this out the other day)) Wikipedia cites a few different folks involved in his creation:

The illusion of a real robot was created by a suit operated from inside by an uncredited Frankie Darro; his voice was provided in post-production by actor Marvin Miller. Robby was created by MGMs prop department; the initial design was sketched by Arnold "Buddy" Gillespie, refined by production illustrator Mentor Huebner, and then turned into reality under the direction of mechanical designer Robert Kinoshita.


I love that Robby was repurposed back in the old days! He would appear on TV shows including on Twilight Zone. This guy is part of a Funko mystery box set that includes some other classic sci-fi characters from many different eras in a cute style.

He is a proud addition to my robot collection.New Bot Thursday! Robbie The Robot. 2014 toy from a CLASSIC 1956 robot.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CuQXuJ
via IFTTTJojo loves Max. Max works in QA for #SlackerRadio & played drums in a punk band in the 80s.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ySEHDf
via IFTTTThankful this was not my tyre. Yay blowouts that do not result in injury.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1L8HL2Z
via IFTTTLadies.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BbmNs4
via IFTTTAtomcat! I have never hear of this Osama Tezuka comic and now acquire it.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Em0qq3
via IFTTTMiddle-aged fellow/robot enthusiast in front of Q Pop Shop. Little Tokyo, Los Angeles.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zdo7zF
via IFTTTSouthbound at sunset.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1uS4Vpr
via IFTTTKid's sunglasses. Found on Friars Rd. Sad.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CvPnIS
via IFTTTNew Bot Tuesday! "Imperializer" a villain of the Ultraman series. Found at Anime Jungle in L.A.!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zWarsE
via IFTTTThis is the tired and somewhat disheveled look. Latest thing.Oh my stars but Grace Hopper I love. Here's a new documentary: The Queen Of Code.

As a rear admiral in the U.S. Navy, Hopper worked on the first computer, the Harvard Mark 1. And she headed the team that created the first compiler, which led to the creation of COBOL, a programming language that by the year 2000 accounted for 70 percent of all actively used code. Passing away in 1992, she left behind an inimitable legacy as a brilliant programmer and pioneering woman in male-dominated fields.

Grace Hopper!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Dj1SWP
via IFTTTCities at night man.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1A2K5oM
via IFTTTPivot seat.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BzKE4O
via IFTTTYesterday morning's sketch plus this morning's inks. De vita, partially.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vir0O9
via IFTTTHow do you spend YOUR Friday nights? I stand by to support issues with a tired dog on my lap.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yPaqAg
via IFTTTNiko has dichroism. Is nice. Is also at work late.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/15Xvoq0
via IFTTTAnother photo of Niko from last night.Quote of the day from Tony Pierce:

but judging from what i read, bro [Andrew Sullivan] was sad that there isnt a vibrant blogging community out there any more, and it seemed he was sad there wasnt a bunch of money left in it neither.

to quote the great artie lang: whaaaaaaaaa.

omg boo hoo you cant make a bucketload from writing on the web.

i say good.

when the blogosphere was buzzing, those were some good times, but does no one remember all the scum? all the lame ass blogs trying to teach you how to make money from your crappy crap?

all the blogs that were just echos of the others?

ignorance on top of ignorance sprinkled with annoyance?

all of those ppl are gone now.

now is the time the real bloggers are doing their thing.

read it all: andrew sullivan quit blogging today: good

WORD. There's a reason I've been reading Tony for more than a decade.
busblog on Andrew Sullivan quitting blogging
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zbhcF8
via IFTTTWaiting.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1u8PJUu
via IFTTTBikes every which-a way on Friars.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zagIdS
via IFTTTLunch cartooning today was of Jin at Love Boat.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/16GRMox
via IFTTTFoggy morning in Clairemont
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DkwcT1
via IFTTTFashion Valley Transit Center.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zFMbs9
via IFTTT"She maketh her sun to rise on the evil and on the good"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/16Ouygg
via IFTTTPachuca con Hot Rod. For your homework go listen to Don Tosti.The 15 minutes we just spent at IKEA... I... words... I have not been in years. It is bigger. Which is... the place is eldritch, Brobdingnagian, terrifying and yet cheerfully pumping Katy Perry songs. I believe it may have inspired the film Cube. Did a certain Mr Lovecraft play a hand in its tone and design? What noxious aethers propel it so? It has existed for decades and I fear we cannot ever be rid of it.

Hold your children tightly tonight, for the night is dark.

But we acquired Produkt.

The eldritch horror of IKEA.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zy2rwz
via IFTTTI dare you not to like this picture. This is Hailey at the Double Rainbow Ranch.WOW. Go read: AUTOMATING TINDER WITH EIGENFACES

This is some straightforward, and yet entirely brilliant programming. This person took his prior Tinder choices, made an aggregate of "yes" and "no" swipes, then used the official Tinder APIs to automate his selections. This is kind of Artificial Intelligence, though a better term might be "expert system" (distilling what an expert knows into a piece of software, in this case the expertise is "what a person found attractive on Tinder") and what it does is execute those decisions.

What's astonishing is that all of this used off-the shelf and open source technology. Only Tinder is proprietary. All the rest of this are libraries anyone could use.

The modern age is not what I expected, but it most certainly contains artificial intelligence, though it's less hyperintelligent HAL 9000 and more "personal assistant."

via waxy.org

Moreover, the programmer made the whole thing available on GitHub. https://github.com/crockpotveggies/tinderbo.
Programming Tinder
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KN7j2z
via IFTTTGraylings
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F2rGuf
via IFTTTsigns and wonders
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DoGLnK
via IFTTTDig the sun!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DpoVAU
via IFTTTMy bots love The Red Velvet Spoon Case @dairyqueen sent. Happy Valentine's Day! #BreakTheClich
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F7tiTz
via IFTTTGoing into the three-day weekend with tangy blood oranges.Longtime blogger and longtime pal MAS mentioned me over in Make and Host Your Own Soundboard yesterday. I am glad to have contributed to more software. I dig being able to give to code that people use, even if it's for no money. I love even more that the whole thing is up on GitHub.

It is still astonishing to me that I can read and make improvements to code. Code that at first glance is as peculiar as this:


var ar = &lt;?php echo json_encode($mp3) ?&gt;;
var BASE_AUDIO_PATH = '' + &lt;?php echo json_encode($mp3directory) ?&gt; + '/';
// sort files to be in alphabetical order by title
ar.sort(function (a, b) {
  return a.toLowerCase().localeCompare(b.toLowerCase());
});
// Add &lt;audio&gt; files and buttons to soundboard
// preload set to "none" is optional
ar.map(function(url){
$('#soundboard').append(function(){
	var thisAudio = $('&lt;audio/&gt;').attr({
		src: BASE_AUDIO_PATH + url,
		preload: "none",
		onplay:"$(this).siblings('button').css('color', 'yellow');",
		onended: "$(this).siblings('button').css('color', 'white');"
		})
	var buttonText = url.replace(/-/g, ' ').replace('.mp3', '').replace('[Q]','?');
	var thisButton = $('&lt;button /&gt;').addClass('myButton').text(buttonText);
	return $('&lt;span /&gt;').addClass('track').append(thisAudio).append(thisButton);
})
});
$('#soundboard').on( 'click', 'button', function() {
$(this).siblings('audio').get(0).play();
});


And not be driven insane looking at it.

Programming is fun!Who doesn't love code?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/17yoSax
via IFTTTKiva on the move
from Instagram http://ift.tt/17dJJ1S
via IFTTTBaby David!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Cx12WK
via IFTTTMaximum cute.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Cynkoz
via IFTTTMore expression.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/17fHMlu
via IFTTTTiny sleepy Giants fan. And Grammie.The first post to this blog was made on February 19, 2001. Here it is.

In those 14 years I've had quite a few different things happen. A divorce. A bankruptcy which I didn't write about but alluded to the possibility of. A marriage and becoming a stepdad. I lost my Grandfather. Mother. Grandmother. I became a Godfather to Zac. I became an uncle. I became a Godfather to Archer. I became a grandfather myself recently. Stepgrandfather, but the fact remains, I'm grand.

I've had innumerable jobs which I've been too prudent to gossip about lest I get dooced.

It remains a good life. Sadness and despair and tragedy abound. But there's also success and happiness and beautiful people and toy robots.

Also drawing, dude. drawing always.14 Years of ArtLung Blog.From the Steve Hulett of TAG (The Animation Guild) Blog:

And funny thing. As the percentage of unionized households has cratered, the middle class's share of national income has gone down with it:



Weird, huh? I'm sure it's just a coincidence.

Read it all in Falling Wages, Falling Marriage Rates
Quote of the Day: coincidence
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BQA13c
via IFTTTSan Diego does this awesome thing: letting artists decorate electrical transformers. Feeling grateful tonight.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1vEK9tz
via IFTTTThe Shelbster, from earlier today. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wxdBTf
via IFTTTPart of the reason I like things that are open 24 hours is they get things done in front of you.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wxdCq6
via IFTTTI should drive through Balboa Park more often.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AypSBv
via IFTTTI can only see the asymmetric parts of a photo like this. It's odd.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AIfgA1
via IFTTTMorn.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Gm20td
via IFTTTLove Boat Sushi is completely remaking itself at their Rancho Bernardo location.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EpwdoW
via IFTTTBrightness mirror project selfie early.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1M9CzJL
via IFTTTSpecial Guest Dog belongs to James and is super sweet. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1weY3Ty
via IFTTTToo tall. Missing antenna. But really really really nice Combatra. Did not buy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1weY6Pn
via IFTTTMy other not-purchased bots from Frank & Son today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1A3gEgL
via IFTTTLovely company at Don Jose's earlier tonight.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EsWpAJ
via IFTTTHappy Early Birthday To Me. Acquisitions from a great long day yesterday.

I found this for pjc's birthday and it's awesome.

I kind of like it for me too. I have a birthday upcoming.Feliz Cumpleaos
from Instagram http://ift.tt/18xSJzi
via IFTTTKeep stepping.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DadajK
via IFTTTEmergency Exit
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NQ6oCM
via IFTTTIt's a big week for new bots! New Mazinger Z & Aphrodite A. Bigger & Deffer!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/18icrzg
via IFTTTon the way
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1wFilG9
via IFTTTLunch view.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1x3ywxf
via IFTTTSome people collect robots, some chickens. People are alike all over.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BNz7mN
via IFTTTThis ceiling is a glitched 8-bit videogame. I'm the burgundy pixels top right. 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BNz7TH
via IFTTTHanging with Buddha & Ganesh.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CqjWRa
via IFTTTCollect. All. 10.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AG0yuJ
via IFTTTI found WALL-E in St. George at Comics Plus.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FKoLWm
via IFTTTToday began with a new bot from my favorite person, @leah7peah to wish me Happy Birthday!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MWxgxI
via IFTTTPost birthday dinner whimsy at Messhugah Shack!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HgIkat
via IFTTTD & Grandma!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AWwJ9n
via IFTTTIt's an L.A. solo adventure day. First stop Little Tokyo. 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ic9vRv
via IFTTTMUCH POKEMANS LET ME SHOW U THEM
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BGBrqR
via IFTTTAstro Boy (Tetsuwan Atomu) sleeping yesterday morning in Little Tokyo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EHh15T
via IFTTTCrimson Typhoon (2013) & Grendizer (1975) are here to save the day!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OoMAXu
via IFTTTSlacker.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CWgFL3
via IFTTTMarch has been non-stop bots! In September I backed Kickstarter Project: Vulkira, an original design vinyl giant robot. He arrived yesterday and joins my collection today!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NiOY0q
via IFTTTGRENDIZER and MAZINGER go Radio Raheem/Night of the Hunter for you. LOVE/HATE.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HbNnG9
via IFTTTMechander Robo  (Gasshin Sentai Mekand Robo) & heirloom cherry tomatoes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MhF81J
via IFTTTLast night was nice after a long day for both of us. Lobster tacos Friday Date night treat at Huapangos.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1xPxUfa
via IFTTTIt's a four robot week: Mazinger, Mekanda (latest!), Grendizer & Combattler.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/19G0Jiw
via IFTTTInstant Hand Sanitizer is not a robot.So many funny emails, posts, and links to ignore.

Only upside is maybe it trains us all to be skeptical about what we see and read?

The world is already so full of cheats, scoundrels and liars perhaps we don't need a special day to make it seem funny.

Or maybe I lack a sense of humor.April fooling
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Hl9iLd
via IFTTTRichard Dreyfuss, witty and charming at UCSD tonight. Intro'd and Q&A about Close Encounters. Awesome.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1I8HMnF
via IFTTTAnother Google acquisition?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GcqGoa
via IFTTTSwami's North Park hot sauce game is on point.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yLt2CI
via IFTTT59. Circumspect Erin.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/19ZSzlB
via IFTTT27 years pals.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Gvwd7X
via IFTTTThe Porsche Dealership That Became a Goodwill.To Republicans, I humbly suggest that we make it possible for Democrats to give up their quest for redistribution of income and wealth by our acceptance of an appropriate role for government in financing those public goods and services necessary to secure a social safety net below which no American would be allowed to fall.


-- Jack Kemp

via

WE NEED MORE REPUBLICANS CAPABLE OF SPEAKING THIS TRUTH SO PLAINLY.Jack Kemp Quote of the Day
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1E89tdX
via IFTTTToday needed more color. Here it is.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Pq0l8W
via IFTTTWhen I take time off I try to leave a meatspace note too. Manners!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GSDpLE
via IFTTTThis is apparently how I look at the airport at 6am. It can only improve with the time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1yiK0O4
via IFTTTTiny dirty window has astounding view.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1D3sJan
via IFTTTJoe in transit = drawing. Also I recently finally acquired a used iPad Mini and it's rad.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GW8Cxo
via IFTTT"We're about to get taken to a dream world of magic"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1aCdTOh
via IFTTTPro wrestling
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1aCVEbp
via IFTTTThis wind seems to be saying "you need a tie-pin, Joe."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CwmeKA
via IFTTTThen some weather arrived.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1aDChPs
via IFTTTThen, hail.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1I4iC6w
via IFTTTHer.
from Instagram https://instagram.com/p/1YL__cCs-_/
via IFTTTLittle David's Niners sportsball sock is preciously small.
from Instagram https://instagram.com/p/1Yg4F6Cszf/
via IFTTTScone game!
from Instagram https://instagram.com/p/1YmehbCsyD/
via IFTTTSeattle weather is dumb but I could see visiting Pike Place market every week. At least.
from Instagram https://instagram.com/p/1Yt3rXCs1N/
via IFTTTShopdog for Pike Place Creamery is chill.
from Instagram https://instagram.com/p/1ZKWPrCsy2/
via IFTTTThis fellow belongs to Matt & Alison.
from Instagram https://instagram.com/p/1ZS2p0Cszc/
via IFTTTSeattle, I came for a wedding but managed to look at robots too. Farewell, it was cool.
from Instagram https://instagram.com/p/1azeRwCs-w/
via IFTTTYesterday I found a historical reenactment of a newsstand at Pike Place. Very accurate.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Hlh5L3
via IFTTTLong time, no Jojo. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OaiwMf
via IFTTTDid I mention how much Pike Place impressed me?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CS4cBv
via IFTTTNow playing; PJ Harvey. "Things I once thought unbelievable / in my life / have all taken place."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EdZhCd
via IFTTTTulips: $1 per stem or $10 for a dozen. Pike Place last weekend. Final Seattle photo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QlgSeM
via IFTTTToday's Haul
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PoESMF
via IFTTTBIKE ROUTE ETC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Dl3Gw6
via IFTTTJojo demands playtime today during the standup. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DxksJQ
via IFTTTSurfing dragon.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JIAhRw
via IFTTTHer.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FviBdb
via IFTTTThis is from yesterday, my Auntie Bebe recovering at the hospital. She's scheduled to go home today!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PUCnlv
via IFTTTYellow headed blackbird, maybe? Rest in peace fellow earthling.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1bchHWp
via IFTTTIt is more important to Instagram this carnitas hot dog than to eat it. EPIC.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JQXAJ8
via IFTTTJohnny & Zie crazy photogenic at the Padres game #SDinHD
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Gw5Fjn
via IFTTTI'm not wild about 2 day trend seeing deceased creatures on my work-related ambulations.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zhXREF
via IFTTTHelp my pal @missewon mail something while we're both on break from work? Delighted to!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GGcOhd
via IFTTTWaiting for the wedding to start. So happy for Jessica & Miles!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JISfHh
via IFTTTMiles & Dusty. Big Day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DLD9Iu
via IFTTTJessica+Miles & Dusty! 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AvMtQE
via IFTTTThis is @katieagardner at work. Miles & his Mom dance.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1bRktRs
via IFTTTDusty, at the end of last night's wedding. What a great time was had by all.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DMMeku
via IFTTTMe & my sister who I see too infrequently. 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PiyNzs
via IFTTTsame.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JMoGV4
via IFTTTArcher @ lunch @ Zoo
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PoCjs6
via IFTTTPizza with a fork, last night.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DT7NQu
via IFTTTI fully support restaurants with Ultra Man displayed.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Fb34AN
via IFTTTNorthbound 785 Pacific Surfliner.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P8EKUW
via IFTTTJaunty Santa Barbara fellow.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cji8yY
via IFTTTSign of the times. :-(
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cAZfIM
via IFTTTCalligraphy in any form fascinates me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cAZfZe
via IFTTTNew Pirate Pal
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zTcor0
via IFTTTI like a record store.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ErtTKp
via IFTTTI can't remember the last time I bought a CD at a retail store. Thanks Just Play Music Santa Barbara.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1zOdR1v
via IFTTTThis haul smells wonderful
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EYoLAJ
via IFTTTPANACHE.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EYBKm8
via IFTTTLeah bought me this fellow 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Pzvkwl
via IFTTTMy Grandma, a great photo showing off some Crawford vitality on Mother's Day. She did not take any guff.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F7nB7r
via IFTTTYes, that's a crab claw holding a straw in my Bloody Mary. Leah's chaste hot chocolate looks on.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KVuVns
via IFTTTOn the Santa Barbara shuttle. Great trip.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RsIkYx
via IFTTTMoorpark. Just passing through today. So pretty.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KW2Xrz
via IFTTTNew robot, Ms. Marvel, lagoon in Carlsbad, Golden Hour. Nearly home.





Frittering around with Paper, an iPad app and Pencil, a Bluetooth pen.

I'm still learning.Latest DrawingsRickover on management and many other things from Doing a Job.

Choice quotes as true today as they were 30 years ago.


By focusing on the techniques of modern management, they promote the idea that by mastering a few simple principles of how to handle people and situations one can become a universal manager: capable of running any job without having to know much about the work to be managed.
Complex jobs cannot be accomplished effectively with transients
If he feels he is only a temporary custodian, or that the job is just a stepping stone to a higher position, his actions will not take into account the long-term interests of the organization.
To complaints of a job poorly done, one often hears the excuse I am not responsible. I believe that is literally correct. The man who takes such a stand in fact is not responsible; he is irresponsible.
Too many people let their in basket set the priorities. On any given day, unimportant but interesting trivia pass through an office; one must not permit these to monopolize his time.
Open discussions and disagreements must be encouraged, so that all sides of an issue will be fully explored. Further, important issues should be presented in writing. Nothing so sharpens the thought process as writing down ones arguments. Weaknesses overlooked in oral discussion become painfully obvious on the written page.


Gold.Rickover on "Modern Management" from 1982.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1K5t8P5
via IFTTTSunset/Balboa Park
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cxbV2H
via IFTTTNew Wind Up Robot family member! I don't have a name but cost $5.25 as priced by Suzi so we'll call him or her Suzi-525.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1bTj6S6
via IFTTTLack of outerwear makes for chilly waiting.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1L5jx8w
via IFTTTRain earlier, and now too.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cE0hTy
via IFTTTdon't have to live like a refugee
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1d5brli
via IFTTTfiesta island looking west. earlier.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EOCxmk
via IFTTT2007 / 2015. Goofball then, goofball now.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GkNhhC
via IFTTTThe Chief's truck hood contains all the secrets of the universe.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JABkW7
via IFTTTPower Outlet Between Seats
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1R5nxZV
via IFTTTHours sitting flying = time to practice drawing on the iPad. NEW YORK CITY Adventures on Thursday!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HvCsIk
via IFTTTI'm shiny on the Q Train.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HvCr7m
via IFTTTAncient telephony artifact.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HvCrnM
via IFTTT@ Union Square. I am not yet adept at pretending to be a New Yorker. Wrong train taking. Wrong way out at subway stops. This city moves faster than you think it moves and you already think it moves fast.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EZLitP
via IFTTTIt's not a vacation unless I can get a selfie with a robot.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Hk6psk
via IFTTT"Affirmative, Master" says K-9 in Union Square NYC. Thursday is new bot day!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1INyCO7
via IFTTTForty something year old men wear blazers.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HkR0bp
via IFTTTPassing on the right.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BeO6Tr
via IFTTTCisco & Leah are now besties. At Tavern-on-the-Green.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FBHEuS
via IFTTTLas turistas son muy alegres.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1doGZTl
via IFTTTLooking up at the Marquis.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1SqGkR6
via IFTTTThree generations of cute!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cTDm72
via IFTTTSECOND LIEUTENANT TYLER S. PETERSON
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HpjwZo
via IFTTTMy dad "PapaDoc" Jim Crawford came up from Virginia for the graduation. So great to see him!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ami50T
via IFTTTFor relaxing times. Make it pink parasol time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1SwGKWe
via IFTTTWith all due respect New Jersey, surfboards and VW buses are a California thing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Kt3tQy
via IFTTTArcher is Batman.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LAg6Hh
via IFTTTJ!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1SyrqZ8
via IFTTTMe and my sister at the local pool.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eqe29M
via IFTTTCat & Legos.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FMmk6b
via IFTTTDan mowed earlier.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Q7giyj
via IFTTTBuggy, Arlo & JD.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1J0RGXG
via IFTTTWater gun cousins!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F7d5J1
via IFTTTCitronella
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FTliaf
via IFTTTKid eternally in motion.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ArhY47
via IFTTT"I love Javie." -- Archer
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ex8nDD
via IFTTTArcher takes a photo of the new Mr. Potatohead that Aunt Leah got for him.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LLTdR8
via IFTTTWith a robot Peacock.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HAfyNx
via IFTTTArcher & bots getting ready for school. Daniel getting ready for work. This has been a great week.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LPStdF
via IFTTTLeah's hot chocolate in the foreground, then Archer. Beautiful morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1cpKVBM
via IFTTTMy nephew has cool toys.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AANEEg
via IFTTTOn the toucan!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1K162bd
via IFTTTBeautiful cat on the Holmes Run Acres tour today
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JfTQCR
via IFTTTReed Richards arrives home and waits for the FF's bags.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LQXOkY
via IFTTTThis Mid-Century Modern napkin holder I saw in Holmes Run Acres yesterday is best.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GeoVro
via IFTTTMr Proops & I. He delighted the assembled fans.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KHzDYw
via IFTTTzen brush morning. Ramping up back to the day job and new adventures!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1AJPD8T
via IFTTTIn the war room with Jojo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eMhcor
via IFTTT"Take back one kadam to honor the Hebrew God, whose Ark this is"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eN9Hxx
via IFTTTI like red.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1G3NYeZ
via IFTTTThis is the weakest Jenny Holzer piece I've ever seen.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Fu3z3D
via IFTTTAtypical panhandler at the bus stop.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FvhvJS
via IFTTTurgent ready for summer
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GlQmzJ
via IFTTTToday's paper acquisitions. New fave The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl and 40 year fave Bravest Of All (a Little Golden Book) ultimately for my nephew.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1di19xJ
via IFTTTI had an office visit from SHELBY! #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GoKvtz
via IFTTTBrilliant and lovely new comic arrived a few days ago by @janey.gram I finally got to read. Darker than her other work, and in a different way. Resigned serene melancholy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FJewO5
via IFTTTGregor likes laps.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ir661V
via IFTTTwomen's & men's
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KlMJJW
via IFTTTCash Only
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QJuIoI
via IFTTTNew hire on the team = expensed lunch!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1duSs38
via IFTTTImpromptu performance by the lovely and lively @zzward at #slackerradio today. Life is good.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MpZfGR
via IFTTTIf not for her ears I mistake her for a cat. Jojo sleeps through ECOM meeting. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F9GT7o
via IFTTTThere are some actual raindrops in this San Diego "rain."

Essentially.This is what I look like.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MvQDOO
via IFTTTJacaranda RivuletsSometimes the world intervenes in your life in such a way that tells you "stop working for these people." The most notable time for me was when I was working for ARCO, the large petroleum and gas company. You may know them from their AM/PM mini marts.

In 1997 I was working as a temp at their corporate headquarters. I was doing HTML and PhotoShop at a time when these things were quite valuable skills to have. I was contracting with BCSI out of Orange County. The people at ARCO were nice enough, and I was first exposed tocontent management systems there. And by CMS I mean, FTP uploading tools with security. There were elaborate checks and doublechecks before files could get published onto the public website at arco.com. This hoop-jumping never made any sense to me.

Until this happened:


[caption id="attachment_10039" align="alignleft" width="200"] A Greenpeace banner on the ARCO building reading "Arctic Oil = Global Warming, Chill the Drills." 10/15/1997[/caption]

GREENPEACE HANGS BANNER ON ARCO HEADQUARTERS

Los Angeles, CA 15 October 1997

Los Angeles, CA - Today, Greenpeace activists are staging a daring protest at ARCO headquarters in Los Angeles. The group is now deploying a banner stating "Arctic Oil = Global Warming, Chill the Drills" featuring a large polar bear protecting her habitat. The banner will be deployed by 9:00 AM PST. Three Greenpeace activists are already under arrest: Dick Dillman, Woody Beardsley, and Dave Augeri.

This is the latest in a series of protests against a company that has actively blocked progress on a global Climate Treaty and aggressively pursued new oil development.

Greenpeace is taking action to stop big oil from causing further climate damage, unlike President Clinton and Vice President Gore, who appear to be promoting big industry's agenda.

"ARCO is trying to explore for new oil that we can't afford to burn if we are to avoid dangerous climate change and global warming," said Kalee Kreider, Climate Campaign Director for Greenpeace USA.

ARCO will begin exploratory drilling for new oil reserves off the coast of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in November 1997 despite attempts, on the high seas, by Greenpeace to stop the delivery of a huge oil rig this summer.

ARCO, and other oil companies, are members of the American Petroleum Institute (API), an industry lobby group engaged in a campaign to prevent international agreement to halt global warming. In its latest bid to derail climate negotiations, the head of API sent a message to the leaders of developing nations threatening the loss of foreign investments for countries which support tougher climate controls.

"It is imperative Clinton and Gore show the American public they will stand up to big oil by announcing their support for a legally binding treaty which cuts carbon dioxide emissions twenty percent below 1990 levels by 2005," said Kalee Kreider.

"The Clinton Administration has floated weak and utterly unacceptable positions for the US to take as part of the Climate Treaty negotiations," continued Kreider. "The Administration has clearly decided it is in it's own best interest to embrace the position of oil giants, like ARCO, rather then protect public health and the environment."

Some of the potential impacts of global warming include more frequent and severe El Nino events, extreme weather floods, and droughts. Alaska is warming at two to three times the global rate, which could threaten the ecosystem polar bears and other wild life depend on.
Parking was expensive there. No pass. I took the bus to work every morning. It was an Express that stopped right in front of my apartment in Cheviot Hills. It dropped me off right behind ARCO Plaza (now calledCity National Plaza).

The morning Greenpeace pulled off their protest, there was extra traffic arriving downtown. There were multiple police cars and fire trucks parked. Lots of people looking up and marveling at what the protesters had pulled off.

I liked working downtown. I liked working right across the street from the beautiful Los Angeles Central Library. I didn't work there much longer after that, though I believe it was their call, not mine, to finish up my temp contract. I already had a position lined up though, I went to work at Jamison/Gold Interactive in Marina Del Rey and never looked back.

And never had to worry about Greenpeace scaling my building, either.

&nbsp;That time Greenpeace scaled ARCO HQ in Downtown L.A.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QvDEDf
via IFTTTKensington Succulent
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1BakMD7
via IFTTTSoap ladies
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ebRRnP
via IFTTTthe wait
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1IZXQJv
via IFTTTBus Stop Bunny seems to say to me "You're here later than usual, bud."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1R2OYl9
via IFTTTTower 13
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QD5SvQ
via IFTTTscrubs. the chief's chair. haircut.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HT2NlJ
via IFTTTBusted water main (?) In Fashion Valley. Fire trucks on the scene.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1L16XsQ
via IFTTT7th grade. Serious young man in Gretna Louisiana.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1N4Sv1S
via IFTTTSecondhand fireworks. Over Sea World.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Lmf1lG
via IFTTTThis person is a regular. Nice sort.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GqTtjz
via IFTTTTerrible lighting on me but fun as heck. Art of San Diego Comic-Con.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1K4Gh9D
via IFTTTMy Dad and I are in ties in this. The other photos I have of this night are my father going up to a podium to receive a document. I can't remember if he was graduating from P.A. School at USC or getting an award as an outstanding instructor of the P.A. school at USC. The pic is marked with January 1977 so it could be either. As long as I can remember my Dad has worked hard, studying, reading, on call, teaching, and endeavoring to be the best. I'm incredibly proud of him and his accomplishments. Happy Father's Day Dad!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1dekE9V
via IFTTTJojo is nonplussed by this fire drill meeting. Joe is too.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CsDWiq
via IFTTTMy infant care strategy is The Beach Boys' Pet Sounds on repeat on @SlackerRadio with Premium.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eHGFiZ
via IFTTTRancho Bernardo Courtyard doing tenant appreciation with complimentary @StuffedSD burgers. Thanks RBC from @SlackerRadio!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LI61Yr
via IFTTTGeode selection at the Fair. Auntie & Niece
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fI1cEp
via IFTTTSave Ferris
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GBazeO
via IFTTTGondola
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RDveF4
via IFTTTOn Friday we wear hats only movie buffs will get.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TSTgzR
via IFTTTWe at @slackerradio had a great time at the mouth of the San Diego River. Learned a bit, pulled nonnative plants, planted native ones. Great to do something positive for San Diego! Thank you San Diego River Park Foundation for the opportunity!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JcXoog
via IFTTTOvercast paradise.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NnAziL
via IFTTTAt the Gem Faire
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KhKXsV
via IFTTTThe Exquisite Art of the Hand-Drawn Sign.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Hr15JC
via IFTTTPerfectly O.B.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1IH1G4F
via IFTTTAguacates y los robots en el almuerzo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JswJ7b
via IFTTTFish at Ranch 99 from last week.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JAZAJt
via IFTTTAcquired World's Finest 243 & others. WF243 is a wild issue I remember from my childhood c. 1977.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LLlTvt
via IFTTTIndependence.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Td9u5u
via IFTTTOllie, recently. A very happy boy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CfhRZS
via IFTTTJean, Jim, & Joe Crawford, late 1976. On the occasion of my Dad's graduation from P.A. School at USC. They drove up from San Diego for that. Proud of their son!Give it a try! Something we are playing with at Slacker:

var SIZE="large";var URI="station/todays-hits?sharedby=joe&sharedon=1436196448";var STYLE; var REF; document.write("")Slacker RadioToday's Hits on Slacker.

I looked at this Evel Knievel ad, the back cover of World's Finest #243 from January 1977, far too much. Probably when we moved to the Philippines it was lost. Maybe to Goodwill? Maybe in a yard sale? Maybe in the trash. I loved comics. And in the Philippines I learned to love Asian media, particularly Giant Robots like Voltes V and Mazinger Z. I learned what Hello Kitty was though I wouldn't learn the word "kawaii" for 3 decades. Anime joined Batman and Robin, Batgirl and the Peanuts gang in the things I love. This week I'll be attending San Diego Comic-Con for the I-can't-even-remember-th time. I'll be looking out for old favorites and new favorites too. I collected comics for many years but sold them all just a few years ago. I lost all my enthusiasm for such things. I lost my Mother to cancer. It seemed like such enjoyments were useless and not "real" life. I am fortysomething and am pretty much a responsible person. "Adult" behavior seemed at odds with funnybooks.

Luckily I outgrew that phase.

I know I will see some of you at Comic-Con, which will be great. For the first time ever I'll be dressing up one day (Walter Sobchak), adding another dimension to Comic-Con for me.

Maybe I'll dress up two days.Maybe 2 days.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KN3RYR
via IFTTTAutobs.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gmo8cA
via IFTTTOne second later, she barked at me. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CZfVzV
via IFTTTMy Ultramen celebrate today's birthday of Eiji Tsuburaya! Kudos to Google for honoring him!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JQd83N
via IFTTTAt Comic-Con. Please ignore the accidentally perfectly framed woman behind us. #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JV2bez
via IFTTTHey Archer! I'm with Spider-Man!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fpdK3P
via IFTTTWith a giant LEGO Ninjago. (Hiya Zac!) #LEGOSDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JQC4Iq
via IFTTTThis is a Christmas ornament. Although it probably would be better for Easter. #sdcc #startrek
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CqrUvA
via IFTTTLEGO booth is where it's at. #LEGOSDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HeLIic
via IFTTTJames Brown Non-Celebrity Hot Tubs. #SDCC can wait a bit.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Hiiz7K
via IFTTTThis includes feeding birds
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RmrZan
via IFTTTFLAWLESS Mega-Man #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1dP8FQD
via IFTTTCommitment. #SDCC #cosplay #transformers
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ToTKfS
via IFTTTPreviously unseen 1980s public access low-fi interview with Jack Kirby. Wow. Jack is SO inspiring and so wonderful. RIP. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HmUHwI
via IFTTTJack Kirby original of work done for a 3-D comic. Fascinating. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GaHvKD
via IFTTTBats & I are very serious. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GaNxuA
via IFTTTPerfect Daredevil cosplay #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HnIOH3
via IFTTTNot bad for a Thursday. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NZ1fY5
via IFTTTWalter's piece checked through security. They don't do this at the bowling alley. #SDCC #MARKITZERODUDE #lebowski
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1UKQe19
via IFTTTOh, I can GET you a toe. With nail polish. You don't wanna know how. #SDCC #lebowski
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HjHg1z
via IFTTTWalter & a Terminator
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CvIytY
via IFTTTI'm a legitimate businessman. And I my aim is to do good no matter the cost. #SDCC #daredevil #kingpin
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HlVy1y
via IFTTTMatt Murdock & Wilson Fisk #Daredevil #Kingpin #cosplay #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1eRzxjw
via IFTTTEarlier today: No more beautiful for a giant cosplay meetup. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TsO70i
via IFTTTMasquerade overflow. If I could do this from home I might. But gosh the Foglios are fun. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Tt6vGi
via IFTTTKingpin calls it a day. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TtRXpZ
via IFTTTI predict hat-wearing in the coming week. Tired but improving. Rebooting.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MoKAMn
via IFTTTALL-DIFFERENT.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fAFh2l
via IFTTTGRR, ARGH.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HWbvRR
via IFTTTFinal ride home on the Trolley, 2015. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CBzLq2
via IFTTTHat week begins! Waiting in the beanbag chair with Kurt.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1K5T8aE
via IFTTTHat week Day 2. Hup!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1O4lMK6
via IFTTTTemporary digs.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1K6zxHw
via IFTTTMIRAMAR COLLEGE TRAN
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1f3nPlY
via IFTTTProper Attire lost.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gBWQiv
via IFTTTFashion Valley means it for next year, too.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1L9KQSn
via IFTTTHat Week. Day 3. No, I will not free the dome. I'm patient AND stubborn.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CECsYd
via IFTTTGrr Argh finger puppets from Buffy screening are now hand puppets.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HwLvsV
via IFTTTHat Week: Day 4. Blue fire!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1I5F839
via IFTTT(Raising the) Kneeling Bus RAMP (Drawbridge).
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OhcDPc
via IFTTTTime to go to a Coinstar.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1V8pbwU
via IFTTTBillowy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fOsDN8
via IFTTTMe & @missewon at LeStat's on Park. Drawring.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Mxx8ps
via IFTTTNight Shift on Friars
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HVdaB1
via IFTTTPORTILLO
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gFgcDD
via IFTTTHat Week Concludes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MfET6t
via IFTTTI just came to chill in the beanbag chair then I got sat upon. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ib02xR
via IFTTTWouldn't we all rather be indoors today?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VfizNb
via IFTTTTime to go see Ant-Man. The rain is a surprise.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CJ2Wrr
via IFTTTDon't get in an argument with anyone who buys popcorn kernels. In 34 pound increments.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Sw22Ah
via IFTTTLast night's sundown. I love a 2-movie day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1I3WtTL
via IFTTTHomage to the feet photos of my wife.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RJI9uA
via IFTTTCube Cat inking wip on the bus. It's Monday. Get in the game.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RMMKvV
via IFTTTShaved head + 10 days.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OkNXVm
via IFTTTThe Stratocaster Squire II in the lobby. Nice place for lunch.From Web Design: The First 100 Years by Maciej Cegowski:



Tech culture is like a deadbeat who lives on your basement sofa. You ask him:

When are you going to do all those things you promised?

Oh, wait until everyone has a computer.

They do.

Okay, I mean wait until they're all online. 
They are. Why isn't the world better?

Well, wait until they all have smartphones... and wearable devices, and the excuses continue.

The real answer is, technology hasn't changed the world because we haven't cared enough to change it.


(((To be honest, I gasped at that last line I quoted, sobbed really. We need more human caring and less techno-determinism. It's hard work to change the world. Get on it.)))
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Vw0Zos
via IFTTTSomebody's bad day. (Fallen tree limb)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MljDex
via IFTTTBy Boudin Sf.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TV5mHK
via IFTTTStopping by Max's desk to check on his regression tests means I get to talk Fripp & Eno, steam trains and photograph his Olomana model train. Work is good today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LJSu4v
via IFTTTGood Day. Hesperia.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JmyFA5
via IFTTTEmilee lives is Southern Utah; is the cutest.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1CZeqay
via IFTTTFor who can make straight what He has bent.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LPN0Fh
via IFTTTAppointments today in North County so taking Coaster. I love a train.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1D8SglZ
via IFTTTDel Mar is beautiful even through the screen.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LTL7t1
via IFTTTEncinitas: several million points for style. #OurLadyOfGuadalupe

Perhaps you're interested in learning more about Half Century Phenomenon The Grateful Dead?

I remember several Los Angeles nurses I worked with who dropped everything and went to San Francisco just to BE THERE in the immediate aftermath of Jerry Garcia's death. The Dead means a lot to a lot of people.

On the net.cultural and intellectual property rights tip - The Dead were pioneers of allowing people to record their concerts and share them with each other decades before Napster existed.

Fascinating band and definitely deserve full attention in your 20th Century Music Appreciation Studies.

R U KIND?

var SIZE="large";var URI="station/grateful-dead-dna?sharedby=99477444&sharedon=1438101545";var STYLE; var REF; document.write("")The Grateful Dead: Influences and Influencers
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LVIrLb
via IFTTTShinehead me & the Kook. #CardiffKook
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Dbhyjg
via IFTTTPatagonia's take on the Mick Fanning shark attack (pic from yesterday)https://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/19917301359/

This is the Chesterfield Drive railroad crossing in Cardiff-by-the-Sea; between San Elijo Avenue and the Coast Highway. Its a beautiful spot. I declared earlier I love trains. Travel and adventure. Going away and returning home. New places and people; and old friends and family. I think I even took Amtrak alone, at least once, as a kid no older than 8, back to San Diego from Los Angeles to visit my grandparents. I know I flew as a kid once or twice. I wish I could remember those trips better. Forgotten or not, fake memory or real, heres to making new travel memories  no matter if the trips are thousands of miles or just a few klicks up the coast in the same county.

https://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/20077716046/in/dateposted-family/Railroad Crossing
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DaMuAx
via IFTTTShelby, wagging; from earlier today. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KB9D1w
via IFTTTOrganic mint?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KCx2Q4
via IFTTTThe Crockford Affirmation #javascript
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1DVJAdC
via IFTTTQOTD: "I guess a robot would have to be crazy to want to be a folk singer."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KE8ciQ
via IFTTTFailures List.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ID2trs
via IFTTTWindows down, freeway driving, Go-Go's on LOUD? Winner!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MESeEz
via IFTTTDavid of North Hollywood.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MHXfxd
via IFTTTMonday MirrorProject Homage
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hhKRXG
via IFTTTNew ride, new sticker. #slackerradio
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P6OniW
via IFTTTMoving out of the temporary digs today and into the repainted and recarpeted office.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Pb0J9M
via IFTTTMoving and remodeling at work continues apace.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PbsdMw
via IFTTTOverhead light at Cork & Craft
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Hwp6Zl
via IFTTTSystem.out.println("Meow, World");
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PdOUje
via IFTTTIn the Anza-Borrego, earlier.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Niqhk4
via IFTTTWindmills in the Anza Borrego, a lovely afternoon with Leah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MVYqZY
via IFTTTGardening the pots above the 163 in Hillcrest
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NjVK5m
via IFTTTHanging out with @missewon . "Make New Customers ~ Hold Old Ones" 1964.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1IXzLl2
via IFTTTPenny.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P4n6NE
via IFTTTHieroglyphics.

var SIZE="small";var URI="station/beatles-dna?sharedby=99477444&sharedon=1439318121";var STYLE; var REF; document.write("")The Beatles DNA Station on Slacker Radio
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HF1hi8
via IFTTTprivileged.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ILo27W
via IFTTTThe hair is returning at a pace less than hoped for, but steady.Went to beach with Leah for the sunset. And looking, as I do, approachable, plus looking like I know my way around mass transit, random tourist humbly asks my help with the bus. He's got the 8/9 bus schedule with highlighter marks on it. He's a bit confused, and has a bit of an accent. I help him and when the accent comes clear in my head that it's Italian I ask him parli Italiano? He smiles and says s to which I ridiculously reply "oh I don't speak Italian." He waves me off and asks me some additional questions about the bus. I reassure him the 8 will be along soon right along Mission Blvd just look for the bus stop. He thanks me and wishes me a good night.

Five minutes later I think darn it! I could have wished him a buona notte.

My Italian is extraordinarily limited and has five minutes latency.Italian Latency
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KsIMPT
via IFTTTShelby, earlier. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PzyYIk
via IFTTTPULL CORD TO SIGNAL DRIVER TO STOP
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NuHlFK
via IFTTTgit it girl (at Salvation Army donation station)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JlyF2V
via IFTTTI really like a hexagonal window.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1U2ze32
via IFTTTMeetings at Slacker sometimes include dog hugs. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MJfUZH
via IFTTTNew bot! Maria, or rather the "False Maria" from 1927s classic silent film Metropolis. Liberties were taken with this rendering of her design.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EM3ngg
via IFTTTLuminosity.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1V3eV8g
via IFTTTGREGOR.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hUArxE
via IFTTTI get pretty happy when computer systems render exotic character sets correctly. It is a Japanese car though.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ESepAt
via IFTTTAutumn is in the house. That's cool.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fFO8Pn
via IFTTTCondo Fake Owl is very stern.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KNiR5z
via IFTTTMorning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JmAmfe
via IFTTTMaverick is SO HANDSOME & friendly. Belongs to Sharon. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1i32lrr
via IFTTTNew Bot Day! This is the Big-O mechs from the 1999 anime that is named for him. He's lovely!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fLXj0F
via IFTTTOut of breath at the Cove.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EoSMwS
via IFTTTMorn.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1F6dEUy
via IFTTTDaybreak.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JsqmRG
via IFTTTpleased to meetcha
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1fNy2Dh
via IFTTTDavid and the plants.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Uvnkz9
via IFTTTPRAYER REPAIR RENTAL OPEN
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VE1lZg
via IFTTTblues, clues
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EIv0fn
via IFTTTIN [8] DAYS
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Lc0pno
via IFTTTI have become the old guy who picks up trash at the beach.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JRsWi7
via IFTTTHe winks! Rotary phone chest! Teddy bear decal! Phone handsets for arms! CUTEST NEW BOT EVER.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LiZdyP
via IFTTTAbstract
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KdGOqr
via IFTTTBig-O wins "largest forearms" contests all over.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1XRxxdI
via IFTTTBulldog
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1K0TuO1
via IFTTT_This_ is the sky that's lightly drizzling? Over Miramar? It's strange,
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ki1JIY
via IFTTTMy first red cell donation of B+. Bloodmobile at Balboa & Genessee today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MjNGF2
via IFTTTWild Saturday nights are wild.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OnxG4v
via IFTTTSlacker Radio (from last week)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QbCQyS
via IFTTTDetour of the day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1EWHqAH
via IFTTTRebel Without A Pause
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Lbxnsp
via IFTTTNo helicopter looking for a murder / (not) 2 in the morning, got the Fatburger
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1URhjlK
via IFTTTThe Astro Boys at Meltdown yesterday were wonderful. What's the collective noun for Mighty Atoms?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FLl3ci
via IFTTTrenovations continue. i love this place.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MqWXv4
via IFTTTOne movie down, one to go tonight.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QiMlwn
via IFTTTCrimson Dynamo may have the advantage over the little red fellow.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P0QmoG
via IFTTTNosh w/ EW.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ixSFFL
via IFTTTthe skeptic, earlier.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QJ6axs
via IFTTTThis angel is wearing a Cat mask.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KjyxA5
via IFTTTThe Darling kids.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KjyvIr
via IFTTTPeggy Carter has an iconic hat.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KjyvIv
via IFTTTWho's a pretty doggy?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MtoD2x
via IFTTTDarkseid & Me (Kirby )
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Mu36GT
via IFTTTSuit coat from Better Call Saul has this odd pocket configuration. (From earlier at FIDM)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1W8zLmZ
via IFTTTI would totally watch this tv show. Networks listen up. #Baymax #GirlRobot
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1iXAxVR
via IFTTTTHE JUNCTION TO EVERYWHERE! -- detail from page by Jack Kirby. From CSUN Thursday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PdrAlv
via IFTTTAt the great new exhibition at the downtown library curated by Susan Myrland. It's great. See it.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gNRNLj
via IFTTTawkward hair length
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1jaDimP
via IFTTTBeautiful invader
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1gT2OuT
via IFTTTHanging with @missewon (not pictured) at Sushi Deli 2 downtown.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ji4H6j
via IFTTTHere for Creative Mornings San Diego. Not sure what to expect.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1iRovNP
via IFTTTLeah is happiest photographing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VftMzN
via IFTTTpassage
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LVCfxO
via IFTTTBeets are beautiful.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Vj0DE4
via IFTTTdon't lean inLast year Chris and I went to Orange County Makerspace. We got a tour of their very cool space, saw the various fabrication, laser cutting, extrusion and other tools. We also got my Godson's head and torso scanned into 3-D. About a week later they sent Chris a little model of this! It was really cool.



The technology to democratize physical replication and production is amazing. Did you know that the Downtown San Diego Public Library has 3-D printers available for use by the public? To be able to scan the world, make copies of the physical world, to modify things is unprecedented and still revolutionary, though we learn rapidly to take technology for granted. I know a few people who've done interesting work with this tech. Patrick J. Clarke has done neat work designing Clip-It to support usability of his instant photography cameras.

I know so many creative people I'm always excited to see what people are working on! I'm likewise excited to go to San Diego Maker Faire this weekend.Scan the world and make the world.I received this:







Getting in touch one last time to say The Jam Archives have been published! Heres your profile: http://www.thisismyjam.com/artlung

Get Spotify playlists of your jams and and loved songs, download your data, and browse your wall o jams.

Youve been a dream community to create for. Thoughtful feedback, amazing music, warmth and kindness.

Its been a pleasure,
xoxo Matt &amp; Han

P.S. Everybodys last jams were so fine we made a Spotify playlist of them
P.P.S. If you want to stay in touch or share songs on other services, here are some ways


Don't want these emails?
No sweat, this is the very last one.


Super classy.                     This Is My Jam: Classy and shut down.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KMHsY6
via IFTTTEarly morning Rancho Bernardo last week.Leah made this spreadsheet when we were helping my aunts and uncles take care of my Grandmother Jean at the end of her life, back in 2011.

It's a nursing flowsheet, meant for laypeople. It's pretty useful and good. At that point we'd had a fair amount of experience taking care of the sick, having been there at the end of my Mom's life too.

I've attached a PDF of the flowsheet in case it might help someone.

2011: Amateur Flowsheet
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KOpKDq
via IFTTTEven Daggits dream of Earth. New robot Tuesday starring Muffit II.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MFfvoM
via IFTTTMe, my sister & grandparents. At DISNEYLAND.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MK337b
via IFTTT

And heres how strange Facebook is. I post this ancient photo of Halloween and think  I wonder if I can find anyone in the photo? I dont remember the kid in the middle, but Celsito and Carlos were my running buddies when I was a kid. I reconnected with them once, many years ago, after Celso had gotten some renown as part of Pill Module. I go looking again this morning and I see to my shock that Celso died a few years ago. I feel really sad about this even though we didnt keep in touch. Celsito (my brain pretty much wont let me call him Celso) was a great friend in my young L.A. days  all before the age of 8. I remember, vividly, him playing KISS records and he and me and Carlos lip syncing in their fancy living room in San Gabriel doing air guitar. Celso got to be a rock star eventually! I remember watching my first anime with him too - Speed Racer. Magic Mountain trips. Bike riding. Sleepovers. I stayed for several days right when my sister was born. So many memories.

Rest in Peace Celso. RIP.OCTOBER. If I close my eyes I can remember my Mom eyebrow pencilling on that Van Dyke beard.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1N6zbVE
via IFTTTEpic.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RndKON
via IFTTTJames Parr of Open Space Agency talking Ultrascope at #sdmakerfaire
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Lq2Bhb
via IFTTTI contributed some pushpins to this in progress portrait of Edward Snowden #sdmakerfaire
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VvE6nv
via IFTTTSelfie with Giant Robot because I'm me. #sdmakerfaire
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ObVojy
via IFTTTBattle Boats and Captains battling at Maker Faire
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1iULebh
via IFTTTI found @noordinarymoment at #sdmakerfaire helping in the booth-- I mean Viking Tent associated with the pneumatic tentacle!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LqEFKL
via IFTTTThis #Sparki robot at #sdmakerfaire was the cutest off-the-shelf sensing programmable bot.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VxkSxY
via IFTTTThis fellow's exoskeleton/suit yesterday at #sdmakerfaire was BEAUTIFUL. Gorilla glue in bulk + INCREDIBLE craftsmanship.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1iWOgfk
via IFTTTTrike Writer was here. #sdmakerfaire
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PYDShM
via IFTTTTiny kid just played two bars of theme from The Sting! Killer pipe organ powered by several Arduinos and Raspberry Pi. #sdmakerfaire
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LcnzOu
via IFTTTAccidentally inside art installation of hose at San Diego Art Institute
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1FRwSDe
via IFTTTCOOL DOWN
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OiQAdT
via IFTTTMy #Inktober Five. The discipline of drawing something, anything daily is nice.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OkuxUn
via IFTTTHalloweentime is fabric store season. #inktober
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hrcRYv
via IFTTTcamera shy Shelby (& Amy holding her)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1L7CtCc
via IFTTTPumpkins are nice too. From earlier today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Pkoyhy
via IFTTTThis is a candle packaged like a pie, with a picture of a pie on the outside. Entenmanns, food or candle not both.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Zl7DzH
via IFTTTYO
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1WRkjMy
via IFTTTit is shaky on the bus
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QgolKm
via IFTTTInktober has been fun! Thinking of setting up drawing prompts for myself into the future.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1hwvSsB
via IFTTTSan Diego Costume Guild Annual Sale (got Kingpin cuff links!) now breakfast with Leah.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PoYthg
via IFTTTInktober Day 10. She'll rip your lungs out, Jim. I'd like to meet her tailor.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OvpJLQ
via IFTTTNO DUMPING / DRAINS TO OCEAN
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OwChCz
via IFTTTNow playing in the #slackerradio offices: The Pixies.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LNSdtu
via IFTTTRaggedy Cube Cat #inktober day 13
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OxuK6E
via IFTTTYou are the first one here.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LR3SrB
via IFTTTInktober 15. I'm a filigree fan.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OyMVca
via IFTTTBetter.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OJQdaR
via IFTTTCute bots are cute. Who's cutest?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RNCikh
via IFTTTNote the distinct lack of any specific magazine or the category "magazine" as a way I might find out about new #movies #bridgeofspies
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LVmt5O
via IFTTTComplete digital redraw of an old sketch. Today's #inktober prompt is robot. So there may be more.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NhYv8j
via IFTTTIt's @cocolamour at @drsketchysd ! She's killing it! So fun. #pixiestixxburlesque
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LW1ijX
via IFTTTThis is an extra #inktober 17. Robot Rooster! #ForBecky
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QIhB8i
via IFTTTFriend breakfast with @missewon
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Pr9uzz
via IFTTTYEAH!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GdfF7J
via IFTTT#inktober 18. The prompt was fuzzy monster. Thanks to Chuck Jones there's one best choice.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LZCn5j
via IFTTTI have no idea what's on her feet tho. #inktober
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1GnHcTv
via IFTTTCube Cat at the costume party. #inktober
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ZVSQvF
via IFTTT#inktober prompt "pixie" which I'm interpreting as "caricature of Ginnifer Goodwin as a smiling Vulcan engineer with a pixie cut."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1M7lekc
via IFTTTOn the 3 Bus. She draws too.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LJwljR
via IFTTTMy sister: Actually, I might have been a skunk. I can't remember! I'm a Mad Doctor.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LqRXUc
via IFTTT#inktober cube cat, pop star.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RstJKJ
via IFTTTMcGovern Shriver 72.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ONlv2j
via IFTTT#inktober is experimentation.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KwRc8p
via IFTTTHanging with Kali & Zoey
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RuRfa0
via IFTTTBusy day late #Inktober Z.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Wcc8Z8
via IFTTTI believe it's going to be a lovely day of trains, friends, Godsons, drawing, visual futurism, Pasadena & Los Angeles.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1S4fPQ4
via IFTTT@sw_inku comics on my train trip. trains are for reading!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OPpoDX
via IFTTTCaution tape protects Junipero Serra, presumably from protests over Sainthood / Genocide notoriety.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RvHubu
via IFTTTNone more chrome. 1957 Mercury Turnpike Cruiser. #carclassic15
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KyOYFz
via IFTTT2015 Blade / Divergent Motors. Beautiful car.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/206lFFJ
via IFTTTQ: How often do you get to selfie with a Keith Haring mural? #carclassic15 @artcenteredu
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1S4XwtY
via IFTTTZac in a plane! Very fancy plane.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Rw4cQO
via IFTTTChris Zac Joe reflected in the side of an Airstream trailer. #carclassic15
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1i7BSYZ
via IFTTT#Inktober @ Philippes!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OYprxk
via IFTTTGood morning. I've been sick and hate how weak my game is. I hate not being at 100% mana. All my campaigns have been ineffective. Gastroenteritis is no fun. But I'm at 65% or so now. I'm back in play!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1WwDc5t
via IFTTTI like a red sweater that challenges compression algorithms and jpeg fidelity.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P8kFx9
via IFTTTPacific Standard Time means darkness on the way home.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MgXPxw
via IFTTTOf course Luchador movies are on the wall. Dinner w/@missewon
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MgZFi5
via IFTTTLucha Libre! Y tacos.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MEbAWh
via IFTTTChill time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lebMWk
via IFTTTNightfall on Friars
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Px3aoS
via IFTTTNota fan of this guy. But he did name his plane Spirit of St. Louis  where Leah's returning from.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1O8Hy0v
via IFTTTMust be L.A.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NSBScR
via IFTTTWe are all Parisians.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1O8W9ZK
via IFTTTComing to getcha
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MPT5hU
via IFTTTGood view.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Su8XuG
via IFTTTno one will ever replace you
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MLdj0F
via IFTTTlisten up #corgi
from Instagram http://ift.tt/216w0SF
via IFTTTJojo in repose. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/21aPt4G
via IFTTTHere at The Merrow for Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School San Diego @drsketchysd !
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QWiI6R
via IFTTT20 min pose/Rogue Debonair. #drsketchysd
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OZcjsb
via IFTTTArt inside and art outside The Merrow today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1R1GQVy
via IFTTTGraphics on this table are the funnest.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OoShUK
via IFTTTLong time no selfie. Shoulda shaved this morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1T58yiA
via IFTTTA day where I can read a comic with Carrie Kelley Robin in it is a good day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PR8J3a
via IFTTTMiles and one of the 7 Thanksgiving dogs.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LDM9n3
via IFTTTMutual admiration society.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ol34kL
via IFTTTHe moves quick!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OvNfHO
via IFTTTBus floor pattern strangely festive. Or maybe I am.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Qgb5HC
via IFTTTSeveral years experience drawing holly.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1HLyAqU
via IFTTTCHRISTMAS TREE, CHANUKAH MENORAH, NONDENOMINATIONAL HAPPYFUNBALL.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1XH8qfU
via IFTTTWax & Shine Super Joe
from Instagram http://ift.tt/21ND86E
via IFTTT6 o'clock shadow.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lv4Aps
via IFTTTCurrently enjoying 1984-era @91xsandiego I taped from the radio. Yes I made that label. #radio #91x
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Y35haD
via IFTTTHearing Dustbowl Revival warming up at Music Box yesterday was awesome!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1INKqkF
via IFTTTMe, 1979. La Salle-Green Hills, Metro Manila.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NOf4ui
via IFTTTPhyllis & Jim. Hong Kong, 1979
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QeOhKf
via IFTTTMy sister. November 1977.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P2xXL8
via IFTTTQuickie impatient Batman.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Up7QxW
via IFTTT.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RNZUXH
via IFTTTFUTURE HOME (Phil's barbecue)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RkFLJD
via IFTTTPatiently took a seat while owner in the grocery.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YhSPyu
via IFTTTGolf course morning frost.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ouwoky
via IFTTTgood at praying
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1IfJXre
via IFTTTDavid, 2015.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YsArTK
via IFTTTMr. Goodmood.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OEFCdP
via IFTTTThe kid in the fox slippers.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NwQNaX
via IFTTTShatzi, the dogsat puffball.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MrjLFc
via IFTTTThese buttons fight fascists. Proud supporter of both these campaigns!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QHlBcP
via IFTTTEleven years married tonight.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kfQtmn
via IFTTTChristmas New Bot Tuesday! Everyone's favorite transdimensional robot cat Doreamon!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NNMuWz
via IFTTTChilliest nephew.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ONa1a0
via IFTTTFletcher & Joe
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TjG8lw
via IFTTTChristmas Eve swings with Pop Pop
from Instagram http://ift.tt/22qY3wI
via IFTTTMom's enchilada recipe. Mom's handwriting. Both perfect.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Vecorx
via IFTTTArcher helping with the cookies earlier
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1U8iB7a
via IFTTT66F Christmas Morn in Northern Virginia.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Iu68u8
via IFTTTThe Crawfords.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OdpnbN
via IFTTTAuntie Sally & Me
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YCqGYu
via IFTTTSilvas
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QMtKgd
via IFTTTLego assembly with Daddy on Christmas morning. Deep concentration!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Poo6zn
via IFTTTThese Batmen kids' slippers are plush.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QQQSKi
via IFTTTAuntie Amber, Cousin Arlo & Fletcher
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NPkd23
via IFTTTHat Man
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1J8HWxp
via IFTTTBreaking in the new recycled notebook from Steffani, Amber & Arlo with some Darth.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1J9rEEo
via IFTTTMiss Js watchful eye over Fletcher
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mFV0Ao
via IFTTTMr. Foot
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YKDs1F
via IFTTTBat-Archer!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PrwNJn
via IFTTTI challenge you to find a nerdier better espresso roast name. #CafeKreyol
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YNcDKi
via IFTTTPost Christmas. Pre New Year.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QXNNs6
via IFTTTBaby duty while Archer levels up at swim class.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YPTuHy
via IFTTTJOECHIPS
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NOQ5G6
via IFTTTLego Crying Kitty A.I. Hydra Dragster. I still got it. Archers not sure about the kitty eyes but I am.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kt2Zis
via IFTTTFletcher! Let's go to the DMV with Mama!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PxrCWv
via IFTTTBored in 10 minutes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kto38t
via IFTTTWhen it was 2015 / it was a very good year / #2015bestnines
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OzfHud
via IFTTTLeah's color zen.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JMpUvG
via IFTTTReally not a vacation until I take a selfie with a robot. #bb-8
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1IIbTV3
via IFTTTArcher eating pizza and being expressive is everything.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Sq8LiM
via IFTTTJavie is sleeping in the New Year
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Uk8QD8
via IFTTTMy amazing sister showing Fletcher his reflection yesterday. Trip almost done. Sigh.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mopJlJ
via IFTTTcraft store adventures with mama
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ReHf6U
via IFTTTI asked Jayden about the Niners & he shared that he played T-ball and got a trophy then he went and got it. Super good boy! Jayden looks on. So happy to get to visit with @sallyalexis & Jorge
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Jk628l
via IFTTTMy cousins the Camarillo beauties! What a wonderful trip this has been.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PCVzX5
via IFTTTEntertaining Fletcher yesterday morning
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ZGKOFP
via IFTTTI miss them already.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mwwLEj
via IFTTTStrong probability we spend the night in Philadelphia. Let's see.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1R4VOeF
via IFTTTFletcher yesterday with Aunt Leah! Still amazed we made it home yesterday. Thankful for a great trip and my great partner.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mBsbob
via IFTTTFare thee well, Santa, it was a great holiday. This is new from my Aunt Jeannine.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OIeil0
via IFTTTHome Depot Cat is camera shy and gives affection only as needed.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mD7Hvl
via IFTTTPen container upgrade! From peach can to fancy thing
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mGTL3D
via IFTTTSir Thomas Hat & NO DOGS 9AM-6PM. From a few days ago.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RvmKTx
via IFTTTNew Bot Thursday! It's Plex from Yo Gabba Gabba who I learned about from Godson Archer. Let's go to work!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1SCP47q
via IFTTTMy favorite Christmas gift was from Leah. This sign. 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1mJ52jU
via IFTTTSunshower @ Work is pretty
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PRxwnk
via IFTTTarcs, rancho bernardo
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1IWwjty
via IFTTTboooooooooks
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1kWldsZ
via IFTTTfutzing with ink
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TWfmQq
via IFTTTNow playing: "The Jean Genie." Plus well worn LP Hunky Dory. #slackerradio
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1N9uJiX
via IFTTTSEP 68: mom & dad before they were mom and dad, driving a vw bug cross county, stopping everywhere.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Q9U0zU
via IFTTTKomm, Gib Mir Deine Hand #slackerradio #thebeatles
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OnyxRI
via IFTTTRoger Corman Presents: The Chicago Dog That Ate Cleveland!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OwjClX
via IFTTTCrawford/Eddy Family Dinners are Dog City. This is 3 of them.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/20adlnC
via IFTTTCarmel Mountain Branch Library #YarnBomb. Late getting out here but really cool.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ODYVVh
via IFTTTStairs bravery from this morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ZSD9rr
via IFTTTJojo found me and my lap. This meeting bores her.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PuWLa4
via IFTTTCaptain BB-8 by local artist Mark Kessler. Lovely sculpture showing at Villanous Lair!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QlIuQ9
via IFTTTPosting this Aliens toy in honor of the midnight movie at the Ken tonight.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1lGP352
via IFTTTKEN///ALIENS///NOTGNISNEK
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QmOdFD
via IFTTTI consider buying Mazinger Z & Great Mazinger every time I see these but they're not my style. From yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OIjbaw
via IFTTTVillage Theater in Coronado is a class act. Let's all go to the lah-bee! Saw Carol. Lovely and delicate.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QBeuSq
via IFTTTit me
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VsZpBP
via IFTTTGreat performance by @theyoungwild this afternoon @slackerradio 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1SLsFpA
via IFTTTFrom this morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/23wovFM
via IFTTTSan Diego is number 10 in the US for avocado consumption. Lunchtime.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1SmYeEv
via IFTTTDowntown for Proops. I'll be 46 this year still unclear how to dress.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TsXXAL
via IFTTTSeattle bound in the morning. See you in a week bots!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PLD04o
via IFTTTI got an earlier start than I really wanted. Seattle-bound.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QzFxvu
via IFTTTThen I met Josie in Monroe WA.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JS2UkI
via IFTTTWhen Josie comes home.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1JSo7ef
via IFTTTPuget Sound starts here.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1KkbSHf
via IFTTTMonroe vignettes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RUN3UU
via IFTTTMonroe vignettes, Part 2.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Q9QDoc
via IFTTTFar over the misty mountains cold
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1UIpfBB
via IFTTTColbie is circumspect.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1o7kJlM
via IFTTTStellar moss game.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QjWlUH
via IFTTTOutside cat hurriedly says bye
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1nVbtBE
via IFTTTFootball meatloaf is fun.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ohpola
via IFTTTSan Diego, 2016. #BladeRunner
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QPiYTK
via IFTTTSDFD, on the case. Yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1PKZ9hl
via IFTTTNew Bot Monday! Planet Robo Danguard Ace ( A () who I met in 1978 in the Philippines and became a Shogun Warrior in the US when I got home. Great design.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RtsfD3
via IFTTTData joins the bots! One of the most asked-about absences from my collection has been added. #StarTrek
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1myBh4P
via IFTTTI didn't mention I donated packed cells the other day and it was very high tech.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RAnd81
via IFTTTDave. From a week ago. Quite a nice fellow indeed.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TiPTDy
via IFTTTAlison & Rick & quail eggs. From last week.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oBLKyf
via IFTTTHappy Valentine's & Anna Howard Shaw Day to my PartnerLeah!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1R4MSnc
via IFTTTREMEMBER, these come from TREES
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OclYVT
via IFTTTBOOM
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oEGcmm
via IFTTTSunny Manhattan. Beach.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/20ZvHLK
via IFTTTTime to go to work. #bb8
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QlLUG9
via IFTTTBuddies! New Bot Wednesday includes BB-8 meeting Artoo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/21cvYrz
via IFTTTIt's Patsy! Plus some other comix.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LyNNYz
via IFTTTOnly David has this much fun with a plastic cup at 7 in the morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2156uQ2
via IFTTTStill.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1OmwCJC
via IFTTTPhotobombing Mayor McCheese.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Q60GLD
via IFTTTEnforcement Droid 209 comes from RoboCop (1987). ED-209 is incompetently designed and hilariously deadly. New Bot Monday has never been scarier.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1LtRap9
via IFTTTB-9 Class M-3 General Utility Non-Theorizing Environmental Control Robot joins other 50s & 60s style bots for New Bot Tuesday!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/24BqGbK
via IFTTTWhiteboard heaven #slackerradio
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1oQL7AD
via IFTTTFriendly face from Saturday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/21NEPjF
via IFTTTBad Guy Day with Bots: ED-209, King Joe, Terminator, Imperializer & chibi Mechagodzilla!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1R0mqhW
via IFTTTWild Saturday night!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1W4X3JQ
via IFTTTMiramar, earlier.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YD0M32
via IFTTTMe, WALL-E & Doreamon wish Diana a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/227dgWe
via IFTTTNew #dogsofslacker entrant! Welcome Eddie!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MeEkWS
via IFTTTDavid & Animals picture/texture book.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1XrrYAH
via IFTTTWell played, Sprouts. $3.14 pies for Pi day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RMmoVb
via IFTTTNo thank you.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MmQmxr
via IFTTTEven from inside a doctor's office San Diego can't hide how beautiful it is.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RoVD8U
via IFTTTEddie in the Ecom scrum! #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pRGPK3
via IFTTTToday's Top 9 Bots. Next time I see them I'll be 46.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Rsg6d1
via IFTTTSecond String Bots of the Week
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RW2o2J
via IFTTTAai brunch
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1XFdGwf
via IFTTTYesterday was tops. Tomorrow's even better. 46 here I am.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ZhyHhW
via IFTTTThe Aquaman collection at Comics Toons n Toys is lovely. Not for sale.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MCixsm
via IFTTTOnward.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1U9xWs2
via IFTTTSprinkles.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RzZEaI
via IFTTTLove the yarn bombing on display outside the Rancho Penasquitos Public Library
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pKvonF
via IFTTTThe world needs more yarn bombing than is available.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/22KuGF0
via IFTTTHere's to cuties.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Mpz5sT
via IFTTTThis book mysteriously time-travelled from 1983 to the Ecom office of where I work.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1q60aHm
via IFTTTChange with NO Expectations #cmsandiego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1XUGst4
via IFTTTBrief stop at Simply Kids Anime yesterday yielded no robots but I got to see plush superdeformed pink Bats.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1WQldZ1
via IFTTTPetting the wolf in Far Cry Primal is fun right David?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MJxiJY
via IFTTTBlast From The Past in Burbank sure has some fun stuff for the middle-aged toy nerd. I walked out with the fellow on the left: Getter Liger. A late birthday gift to myself and quite nice. I already have an Iron Giant and for the price that little Cylon didn't bowl me over. Such nice things!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pQ3I0N
via IFTTTAlso not purchased but quite nice: A Fembot from Austin Powers & Bishop from Aliens.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VQ7oeW
via IFTTTBirthday mug. Birthday robot. Getter Liger acquired this weekend.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Tgc6lu
via IFTTTGetter Liger & the other Getter Bots all have great machinder designs but I have a hard time keeping their names straight.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RLStfA
via IFTTTLight outside the condo in the morning can be glorious.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1pUPlYt
via IFTTTDad & Leah. Talking cars.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1X9HBg5
via IFTTTThe longer hair is growing on me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1MbDxeS
via IFTTTSpring iceplant
from Instagram http://ift.tt/205XJAY
via IFTTTThe other night at a family thing we watched some old videos. Particularly enjoyed my cousin Michael & his pop Lee.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/208KH5R
via IFTTTCommander Crawford, Ship's Doctor for of USS New Orleans '84-'85. Just another of his many adventures.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1WdqSdJ
via IFTTTFrom the Engine Room #ussmidway
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1UXRTTd
via IFTTTThe reason I carry a white pen, apparently.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TG87ih
via IFTTTCareer Day. @cchsdons let's see how this goes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/22iZaM3
via IFTTTNow here's a good omen: I was driving down Mira Mesa Blvd and caught this little robot out of the corner of my eye. Love it!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qDV6dY
via IFTTTBeverages with attached vegetables are the best move this morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VHRD9l
via IFTTTSeeing Jennifer Simpson in her native habitat organizing creative folks and being witty last night at Dime Stories was a real treat.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qfE9FQ
via IFTTTDoors
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1S3JGsM
via IFTTTFrom Easter. David: incredibly chill with this furry situation.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1N2AaqB
via IFTTTEx-cat throwback photo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Su0Ixe
via IFTTTStreet paving is impressive. Two old guys were just watching. 3 if you count me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/23C3JDR
via IFTTTSkeumorphism has limits. Color is a backup.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RXzJy4
via IFTTTPLEASE!! NO scared woodwork at Von's. From the other day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/20GcV8g
via IFTTTThe most pinkest time of the year.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Qea5zK
via IFTTTBread & Cie are not playing around.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NfwnX9
via IFTTTSPACE BATTLE SPACE ROBOT was too tall for the collection, regrettably. Pretty good for a drugstore robot though. I believe I've made it clear I'm always low key robot hunting. Thankfully the rules for collecting are strict and I'm picky.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YApkJo
via IFTTTWhat I saw at Record Store Day. Folk Arts Records is great. If only I had a record player.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Vf2KYX
via IFTTTWARNING 8-O
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1WDmODG
via IFTTTStill room for more stickers
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VjHD7G
via IFTTTMy Dad eating proper tortilla chips and talking with erudition and humor. Favorite. From a few weeks ago.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VFBbbD
via IFTTTPirates skunking Padres 11 to 0. Dismal but a lovely night for a ballgame.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Wj8hwo
via IFTTTDO NOT MOVE THIS ORGAN
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1r7ToBC
via IFTTTGrand Master Bear
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NRdS6k
via IFTTTw/Bella @ 4.5hrs old
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NRdS6x
via IFTTTBella.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1WpUZ1l
via IFTTTDavid tests out the amazing busy book Leah made
from Instagram http://ift.tt/26vP5As
via IFTTTfacetime with Mama & new baby sister
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rkMIQx
via IFTTTSharing my earbud for a few minutes to satisfy David's curiosity. ?uestlove on Fresh Air.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1QFGlvP
via IFTTTbienvenidos bienvenue welcome
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1NJNeSk
via IFTTTBabybella age four days.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Y01eYr
via IFTTTI bought a wallet with Carrie Kelley Robin & out-of-retirement Batman on it because of my adulthood.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1O7NTru
via IFTTTYesterday. Holding sleeping Isabella. Infant people are amazing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rLcvC2
via IFTTTSimpler than you think.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1O8SPMT
via IFTTTNorth Hollywood Cat.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TqbS79
via IFTTTDawn
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1SI6eRw
via IFTTTEmerald Knights in Burbank turned out perfect to satisfy my Batman needs Saturday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Y5OOhU
via IFTTTThe Big Guy & Rusty are my jam. This week.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1UAhZul
via IFTTTLate Star Wars Day post...
from Instagram http://ift.tt/24u1mXs
via IFTTT#handpainted #faded #typography #sandiego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rAJ44X
via IFTTTFor our human and canine friends (this is on a multi-species water fountain)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/21HBsum
via IFTTTpreserve
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1SWfT3y
via IFTTTpower & light
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VOeX7b
via IFTTTmija
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1WTwWIa
via IFTTTMe and Mom.1949
1955
1960
1966
1977
1983
1988
1994
2005

These are the years that my Mom, Phyllis Crawford's birthday fell on a Sunday, the second Sunday in may -- Mother's Day.

In my kid-memory her birthday always fell on Mother's Day which was just another way she was perfect. But the truth is memory is slippery and often wrong.

My Mom died in 2010 though, and she yet lives in her family's hearts. In the same way that her own mother--Phyllis Silva--lives on in her family; and in the same way Jean Crawford lives on in her kids' hearts.

Mother's Day is a lovely idea. I love seeing people's "Mom" photos. It's particularly hard though, when Mom has passed on.
So Happy Birthday Mom, and Happy Mother's Day, to all the Moms out there, and those who take on Mom-roles.





Mother's Day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rV0xFz
via IFTTTBunnies hang out in the YMCA parking lot before dawn!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YlCRom
via IFTTTTo Downtown. #trolley #sandiegotrolley
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Wulm89
via IFTTTJACQU = HEIDI 96 + DREW (the mathematics of what, exactly?)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1slF9de
via IFTTTAbigail!!!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TdDhJL
via IFTTTSleeeeeepy Bella
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ZRwNV9
via IFTTTJust because I'm not taking him home doesn't mean I don't love him. Farewell little plush robot.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TOqhK1
via IFTTTScarcely a visit to Little Tokyo without a bot photo. Astro Boy is sold out.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rMxpR7
via IFTTTWELCOME TO JOE @ LIL TOK
from Instagram http://ift.tt/22cixIg
via IFTTTLong time no jetty.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YvbyrP
via IFTTTAlto voltaje
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1XueTJ7
via IFTTTI think it's gonna be a good week 'cause I met PITA on my walkthing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1smmkGr
via IFTTTMorning bun.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1rRK0Cl
via IFTTTNew Bot Day! Raideen () hails from 1975 Japanese tv. Like many of my bots I first encountered him in the Philippines. When I saw the Shogun Warriors back in the States I was happy they brought him over but mystified why they changed the spelling of his name to Raydeen. I picked up this superdeformed rendering of him at Q Pop Shop @qpopshop in Little Tokyo. #Raideen
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TjK30Q
via IFTTTANNA + CEDRO + PERRO (from the other day's walkthing)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YCrusn
via IFTTTNew Bot Wednesday! Another Q Pop acquisition. This is Mad Baron! He was designed by Zollmen and hails from Japan. Vinyl Artist Gacha series 3.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2517kfb
via IFTTTlensflare
from Instagram http://ift.tt/25cektl
via IFTTTDishwasher Pond, from yesterday evening's hike with Susan
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1U3vttB
via IFTTTArt supply gift card redemption time.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/20jeKY8
via IFTTTI
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1XoSNaL
via IFTTTSometimes eating a French fry is pretty fun
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Tz8hrf
via IFTTTAcquired at Planet Books in Long Beach. Don't know the name or the age but I sure like this bot.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qBH3ES
via IFTTTI fully approve of coffeehouses showing Casablanca. (from earlier)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/27NoMq1
via IFTTTDawn under the trolley
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YOggko
via IFTTTGood Morning San Diego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TPkEf3
via IFTTTROCK LIVES
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1WaiWLt
via IFTTTLOOPTLOO \\\ San Diego River
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qEZ4lB
via IFTTTIt's another big week for bots! This is ZnDc Missler made in the 1970s by Yonezawa.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1qFLgr6
via IFTTTCousins
from Instagram http://ift.tt/20vz8Fn
via IFTTTSnail Crossing 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1s8mRf5
via IFTTTTomorrow's bot will exceed all cuteness expectations. #Mecha #Jaeger
from Instagram http://ift.tt/25lWynA
via IFTTTHELLO KITTY CHOGOKIN (look it up)  New Bot Wednesday features driving a giant robot of herself. The paws really shoot!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P1E1p9
via IFTTTCurrent Bot Cuteness Corner
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TMukd1
via IFTTTBloody Mary "Man Candy" bacon-style.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P7uTPG
via IFTTTSkeptical.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1P8WkbV
via IFTTTAt least the pool is open while they're rebuilding these concrete fences.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1XckSUt
via IFTTTDOG BEACH
from Instagram http://ift.tt/25xIvYy
via IFTTTNO ALCOHOL NO SMOKING
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1UbxjsZ
via IFTTTStopped into @super7sandiego  super awesome shop but did not buy today. But I'll be back! Any store with Jumbo Machinder is okay by me!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1RKSmk3
via IFTTTI was not sullen but look sullen in this. I took a day to walk all over. This was along the SD River. Helped an older, lost couple with directions. My Spanish was terrible. I wrote out directions with my phone & Google's help. People lost around San Diego have been picking me out of a crowd as potentially helpful for a long time. I bet they got where they were going but I will never know. Lastly, unlike C3PO I don't ever say "No more adventures."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1ZbLWAr
via IFTTT4 miles from home to Dog Beach.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1UuelAf
via IFTTTI feel like I can't go wrong with pix of bunnies living along the San Diego River. From yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TTGqEc
via IFTTTFrom last week, the space-age-circa-1970 Geisel Library. Even though I stupidly got a $65 parking ticket I love being on that campus.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VDMqQY
via IFTTTLibraries with Makerbot 3-D Digitizers are 21st Century Libraries.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1U6gd3B
via IFTTTIt only took 90 tries to get like 8 or so usable photos.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1VK50H3
via IFTTTPolling Place. I love California.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1TY4VQW
via IFTTTGlowy Selfy
from Instagram http://ift.tt/22P7XHx
via IFTTTGINGER 7/27 - 12/29 1996
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1tiU08W
via IFTTTJoe and the camera-shy crayfish.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YgKgr5
via IFTTTTuna Crab, out in the surf, another from yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/22ZAolX
via IFTTTpunk rack
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1YiICFp
via IFTTTSuperboy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Ua9bNc
via IFTTTNew Bot Monday! Venus A [A] is from the Mazinger universe circa 1975-ish. She's a giant robot driven by biracial (Japanese/African-American) heroine Jun Hono. She drives the Venus Scrander that flies into the back of her head. Her hands-on-hips pose exemplifies her power!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Usppzu
via IFTTTLaundry last night.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1S4ChWA
via IFTTTSisterhood.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1UQCktD
via IFTTTEdward! #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/21qpCE9
via IFTTTHome Base
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1Un10Kw
via IFTTTRiver Crossing
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1UANN1O
via IFTTTLittle Creatures to Some Girls
from Instagram http://ift.tt/1sL5FNg
via IFTTTAnother one from early this morning. Trolley at sunrise.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28JfO7q
via IFTTTPuppy book, D & Grandma.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28JO14u
via IFTTTAs best as I can recall its been 17 years since I went in the ocean at Manhattan Beach. California ber Alles.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28LHDv3
via IFTTTBodysurfed. 33rd St.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28LgCpv
via IFTTTPrep for July.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28PsMlp
via IFTTTBuilding the beard.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28Py8Mw
via IFTTTSEND HELP #slackerradio
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28VYH1y
via IFTTTThrow your hands in the air, if youse a true player #bots
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28YCYax
via IFTTTThis young woman (physician? nurse?) with the defibrillator paddles is the USA.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/28UcnqR
via IFTTTWINNER!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29avgXg
via IFTTTFerris
from Instagram http://ift.tt/291tBWj
via IFTTTD & L
from Instagram http://ift.tt/290Qiq7
via IFTTTDad sent this to me and I immediately had to post it.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29mXRJe
via IFTTTGate.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2946zij
via IFTTTOverpass/163.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/298Icg1
via IFTTTLurk/Mirror.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29frnRq
via IFTTTSaved all my money for one of these in 1982 or so. Foolhardy purchase was disapproved of by my Grandfather. It was a great toy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29g8z4o
via IFTTTWookie, she's a cutie and is 10 years young. She belongs to Sam & Lori.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29r9mAl
via IFTTTIn Arizona, flowers.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29hEPnQ
via IFTTTWillow Lake scenes this morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29jiqYK
via IFTTTWillow Lake, landscapes of a little of the "Granite Dells." ~88 and sunny.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29nPLn6
via IFTTTBOLO YOLO
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29dDgFX
via IFTTTSiblings on the 4th. Clearly related.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29puM1U
via IFTTTWookie, elongated. It's been a lovely visit to Arizona.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29vCmq9
via IFTTTInk practice continues on the bus
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29ta9Ej
via IFTTTStairway (to the library)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29YCCgU
via IFTTTReady for some Gilbert & Sullivan
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2a0Q9op
via IFTTTYesterday Susan took Doug, Leah, and I to Lux Art Institute. We got to meet the artist in residence Angela Kallus. Her work is extraordinary: evocative, seemingly simple, evocative. I could not help but snap a photo. Her work must be seen in person to be fully appreciated I think.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29rHUQI
via IFTTTPrior to the excellent Hail Poetry! The Magic and Madness of Gilbert & Sullivan, Eli Villanueva of Opera A La Carte spoke a bit. It was a terrific show. Wonderful primer on G&S. And Soka U was a great place to see a show.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2a35xQZ
via IFTTTPlanning meeting overlooks Customer Support? Gotta sketch Charles.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29Z75zb
via IFTTTBus ink sketching / evening edition
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29ZZMV3
via IFTTTPH 5 @ Ph on 5th in Hillcrest
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29RnGBA
via IFTTTBeards hide chins but highlight age. I'm not a fan. I do it for the cosplay.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2acg68s
via IFTTTReady. Preview Night. #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29UNIDV
via IFTTTNo ones gonna save you from the beast with forty eyes! #sdcc #michaeljackson
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29X1eZc
via IFTTTTRIPLE ROBOT SELFIES! #sdcc is a big win so far.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29YhGZ1
via IFTTTNo Donny, these men are nihilists, there's nothing to be afraid of. #sdcc #lebowski #waltersobchak
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29OHaty
via IFTTTLos Bros Hernandez. The first time I went to Con (1983) they were upstarts, now elder statesmen. #losbroshernandez #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29ZctjQ
via IFTTTThe Diva is so beautiful! #thefifthelement #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29QQFVi
via IFTTTMajor question of the weekend is whether I'm going to buy the Black Power Droid (Gonk!) and/or The Beastie Droids from DKE Toys. Handmade, funny #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2a0k8eh
via IFTTTQ in the house. Humanity will pay for its crimes Jean-Luc! #SDCC #startrek #qcontinuum
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29TxWIM
via IFTTTSelfie and remember impromptu that I added eye makeup to look sullen and omnipotent. Maybe I'm just tired? NAH. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2a3p16j
via IFTTTGideon Graves! The head of the League of Evil Exes! I WILL DEFEAT SCOTT PILGRIM! #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2a1WWCL
via IFTTTThis here is one of the many reasons I love the Con. #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2a1cnXM
via IFTTTI'm not a Voltron fan but I appreciate a good robot. #SDCC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2a5iqvq
via IFTTTIn the overflow for Masquerade, this is costume "Banemax" mashing up, well, it's obvious. #SDCC #bane #baymax Inspired.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/29Tutxo
via IFTTTCurrently have a cat on my lap so sometime in my youth and childhood I must've done something good.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ab0NeY
via IFTTTFrom my hang earlier @ Cat Cafe. Gotta go there with Leah.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aluV7g
via IFTTTKeith Knight is giving a great presentation on race and the current moment. Look up his comics; I'd slept on his work before but he's great. Sold out of his "TRUMP: Yes We Klan" bumper stickers on day 1. #keithknight #sdcc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2alE2Dy
via IFTTT"How am I not myself?"  IHUCKABEES
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aKRpMB
via IFTTTHarry & Me
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aDzyuP
via IFTTTI've been drawing like, a lot, on the bus. Mechanical pencil with non-repro blue lead is new secret weapon.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2agvsVM
via IFTTTThis woman.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ayRlRk
via IFTTTLadies, throwback edition.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aFAygA
via IFTTT1990, Erin & Tracy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aOCWTq
via IFTTTWonder Woman vs Darth Vader because of course, work in progress.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ayx7HG
via IFTTTPlaying the excellent "Summer" here at @slackerradio is the super excellent @cassadeepope
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aWFmPZ
via IFTTTOur head of IT made a Lego Batman mask for his son and yesterday I got to try it out.One of the joys of putting art up under a Creative Commons license is that sometimes there are fun usages of it! Watch this video:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYwS70YTB4E

It was this piece that gets used for a small segment:

https://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/6722429531



Super fun to see people making stuff. It's the best part of the web.A little bit of my art used in a video
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2b3Shgo
via IFTTTFlowers Hello Summer Flowers
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2b2I5b7
via IFTTTSaturday Night Adventures
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2b1I5YK
via IFTTT8 of David from my camera roll.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aWII2X
via IFTTTMiss J is ready to be let back in. Please.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aLSKmM
via IFTTTFletcher, in the morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bffAns
via IFTTTOf course I miss working with my bots. Luckily there's a robot or two belonging to my nephews here.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aE15fb
via IFTTTPhyllis Crawford, 1971. My mom.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aE1cXT
via IFTTTDad & me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bly49b
via IFTTTCousins. On Archer's Birthday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aH7XZ4
via IFTTTFletcher & me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bolqoL
via IFTTTPop-Pop showing family photos to Fletcher
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2b5SeRu
via IFTTTVanida, Kel, newly baptized Fletcher.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2b1EFDv
via IFTTTGodmother Vanida & Fletcher James.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2boA65k
via IFTTTFletcher! Plus Vanida & me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bvYUvy
via IFTTTMade it to North Carolina just in time to jump in the Atlantic and hastily snap mediocre pix of awesome people.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aU33TK
via IFTTTAtlantean
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2btZlVZ
via IFTTTLegos wake up
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bvKKJy
via IFTTTAt sunset thousands of minnows breaching and beaching. Half expected to see what preys on them too.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2baGbDr
via IFTTTCan't decide which pic of Joanie is best... all 3?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2aXK62G
via IFTTTVacating joyfully.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bchMNL
via IFTTTNephew is a generous contortionist.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bAP1t4
via IFTTTSummer in NC
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bPeD8P
via IFTTTPop Pop and Fletcher playing with limes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bztXll
via IFTTTJoanie bodysurfing 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bmBwO2
via IFTTTNeen & Kel!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2b9QxBK
via IFTTTLeah, Fletcher
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bpJTZk
via IFTTTDeck.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bBvwPT
via IFTTTFletcher through the kaleidoscope
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2b8paJJ
via IFTTTGosh the art accompanying this Ghostbusters sports car looks familiar eh @whitaker.becca ?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bT9w7M
via IFTTTI already miss you Dad.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bGwNWf
via IFTTTJavie slept in the bed with us last night. Here she is saying goodbye. Farewell Falls Church!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bwt7aU
via IFTTTAny trip I take may contain robot shopping. It seemed like our Virginia/Outer Banks trip would be an exception until on a whim I took us to the Virginia Beach Antique Mall where "The Toymeister" has a huge toys and collectibles section upstairs. Many robots and other toys, well curated, well cared for. Star Wars, vintage, TMNT, sports, action figures, dolls, Marvel, DC, it's an impressive store well worth a visit.Whoever intimidates, threatens, coerces, or attempts to intimidate, threaten, or coerce, any other person for the purpose of interfering with the right of such other person to vote or to vote as he may choose, or of causing such other person to vote for, or not to vote for, any candidate for the office of President, Vice President, Presidential elector, Member of the Senate, Member of the House of Representatives, Delegate from the District of Columbia, or Resident Commissioner, at any election held solely or in part for the purpose of electing such candidate, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both.

From 18 U.S. Code  594 - Intimidation of voters

Quote of the Day
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bxLWsk
via IFTTTNew Bot Tuesday! Gort made his debut in 1951 in the classic film The Day The Earth Stood Still. Pictured with fellow 1950s-era robots. Klaatu barada nikto!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bVOnsu
via IFTTTI'm pretty sure this is what happens when my Dad wants to try out "drinking from a glass" early on my adorable infant Sister.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bGhEp8
via IFTTTJust talkin' bout Mechagodzilla, Hello Kitty, BB-8, wind-up toys, and robot collecting with Summer.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bmtoKJ
via IFTTTPatriotic fireplug
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ceH9RH
via IFTTTJeff Stone and me. He was my absolute best friend in Alhambra. This is 1977. We both moved away and he is completely untraceable due to a common name. Great memories.Springfield Punx has a lovely rendition of Eleven from Stranger ThingsFrom tumblr: This image has been removed at the copyright holder's request.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2c0FJHf
via IFTTTExhortation of the day in the @slackerradio offices (also a great station)Nobody reads blogs anymore. Nobody blogs anymore. Nobody writes anymore.

Except people do. Kottke does, still, and regularly. But in the corners of the blog world old favorites still blog (e.g: Tony Pierce, Suebob, Peter-Paul Koch, The Militant and many others). I know this because I follow things in my RSS Reader, powered by Tiny Tiny RSS which I run on my hosting setup. Shared setup because I am not cool and no virtual servers and am not "serverless" and pay good money for system administration thank you very much.

RSS is still great. RSS/Atom, whatever it takes.

Oh, did I mention I'm old? Well I am I guess. I'm 46 and continue aging. I can see my eyesight failing tiny increment by tiny increment, as a Gaussian blur takes shape year over year at things distant and close.

But physically I'm better than in a long time. I can walk father and am stronger than I've been in a long time. How? By being physically active regardless of how incompetently I am physically active. I take walks. I wander. I swim.  The same ethos that has me drawing on the regular (draw a lot and poorly to get better) it has turned out works for exercise. I don't call it art, I don't call it exercise, and it's tolerable and worthwhile.

Meh. This was a blog post in 2016. Look at that.Oh look I'm posting and old I love Adam Warren's work so much. His comic Empowered comic manages to be satirical and yet dramatic, ridiculous and yet science fictional and superheroic. He also has a penchant for cyberpunk and pop culture, which is wonderful. Quote of the day is from him on sound effects, contemplating his work on Empowered Volume 2, Page 56:

Note that I always use SHRIPP for a sound effect when Emps suit tearsand never something like RIPP, which to me veers dangerously close to a literalistic sound FX like RIP. I have an overwhelming and not entirely explicable antipathy for literal, concept-based sound FX like LEAP! or POINT!even in a theoretically humorous basis. This might be because I was rubbed wrong by early parodies of manga that leaned heavily on the misbegotten, misguided joke of LEAP! and its ilk, which completely miss the point that manga sound FX are, in fact, sound FX and not conceptual in nature. That is, were hearing a phonetic katakana approximation of the noise made by someone leapingakin to the sound FX THAPP I often use for someone launching off the groundand not a g-d kanji character representing the concept of a leap. Note also that the crappy exclamation point in LEAP! adds a crappy cherry on top of the crappy sundae, as I also despise punctuation in sound FX with the fire of a thousand suns.

If this is of interest, DEFINITELY you should check out empoweredcomic.com where he's posting pages of his comics and his thoughts on those pages - his regrets, thoughts on process. It's really moving to see someone work so hard. I'm still kicking myself that I decided I could not afford a commission from him in 2015 at San Diego Comic-Con. He's great.



SHRIPP! Adam Warren on sound effects in comics
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bSwV8M
via IFTTTHalloween. The past. Me with Gene Simmons makeup, a cape & white flat cap (?) and my little sister as the cutest Wonder Woman ever.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bEfWoO
via IFTTTEMILY LOVES NO-EXPRESSION JOE. I think. #notMe #sandiego #sidewalkartSigh.

Our final days of MARCH MODOK MADNESS 2016. Repent!


Catch up with what it's all about at marchmodokmadness.blogspot.com.

I submitted one back in 2012. I need to do another one in 2017.6 Months to another March MODOK Madness.I did not have any. I didn't walk over when it came. I didn't eat any at all. There's no plates on my desk from eating it.

There's leftovers now. [Employee X] tells me so. He asks me "do you eat Pizza?"

My answer is "I didn't have any Pizza." The matter was settled and somehow I'm in the situation of giving the impression I don't eat Pizza.

How on earth could I be an overweight citizen of the United States and not eat Pizza?

Flash of insight occurs.

I think a variation of this is why past co-workers have thought I'm gay.

That I never slobbered or joked about women. I don't wax rhapsodic slobber over the pizza. I never remarked on "[coworker] is such a hottie" - never participated in kibitzing on attractiveness of fellow staff.

It's possible.

Originally written in 2015Pizza Declination One of my favorite webcomics, Skadi, ended back in May.

It's a wonderful world we live in that artists can publish their own work for readers to see and read. It's sad when what they make ends, for whatever reason, but it's also the way of things. Things do end. I don't want to get maudlin (too late) but it's fun to see things start, evolve, and yes, end. Seeing the whole arc of something is kind of wonderful. Of course it's also wonderful to see things continue on into the future indefinitely, but when they end one can see the totality of the work.

Anyway, you should read Skadi from start to finish. It's a whole lotta fun.

And thanks Katie Rice for the wonderful work!Skadi ended back in May
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2bKeBwO
via IFTTTSwag time. #slackerradioThis insight is important. Quote of the day (well from July), from Raph Koster: AR is an MMO (writing about the incredible popularity of Pokmon GO:

Ive said this before, but in the wake of the viral success of Pokmon GO, it needs to be said again. Augmented reality is just a virtual world, an MMO, a MUD even, with all of the same design issues, plus a few new ones.

He had to follow it up with I really did mean MMO; also catch his A Pok Roundup



Raph Koster: Augmented Reality is an MMO
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cmKc9d
via IFTTTShannon, Nanie & Me at the Skyline house of course. Early 1970s of course.

As I continue to catch up on reading RSS feeds what I have not read in a long long while, the ArtLung gaze turns its eye onto the wonderful blog Every Day is Like Wednesday by run by J. Caleb Mozzocco who in 2014 published a terrific explainer on the many, many, really more than you think, versions of characters called Captain Marvel. It's brilliant and if you like comics will prompt you to go look for one or more of these renditions.

Now, he also says in that article, again this was 2014:

And that's why Marvel Studios will never make a Captain Marvel movie. Because when anyone hears the name, they think of at least two or three different characters.

And here in 2016 we can look forward (to March 2019) to Brie Larsen as Captain Marvel.

As a fortysomething, I remember Captain Marvel on screen - my tv when I was a kid. And this article about the 1974-1977 Shazam! does a nice job communicating exactly how preachy and ponderous, that show was. The haircuts also were bad:



I remember watching the show but the only thing I can solidly remember was a plot where a kid uses a radio on a private plane aircraft and disrupts the navigational avionics causing a catastrophe. Maybe the lesson was to be sure to not use electronics on planes? I can't remember and despite being something of a pop culture junkie aficionado I have never had a desire to re-watch Shazam!

I'd love to see The Big Red Cheese on the screen again. But done right, though it's hard to complain because I can always revisit the cinematic and very entertaining retelling of Captain Marvel's story in the graphic novel Shazam! The Monster Societ of Evil by Jeff Smith.

But I really am looking forward to Brie Larsen as Captain Marvel.Captain Marvel and Captain MarvelSomething interesting. Hulu can detect a proxy service. Good on them to provide a way around it. I'm not a Hulu subscriber. I got this message trying to load a sketch from Saturday Night Live embedded in an article about comedy.



Text of the message:
Based on your IP address, we noticed you
are trying to access Hulu through an
anonymous proxy tool. Hulu is not
currently available outside the U.S. If
you're in the U.S., you'll need to disable
your anonymizer to access videos on Hulu.

If you think you're receiving this message
in error, please submit this form.
Hulu detects proxyWe recommend Hillary Clinton for president--Dallas Morning News Editorial

Cogent, coherent argument from the Dallas Morning News. This election is really quite astounding on many levels.

And for those of of you clinging desperately to the idea a third party candidate can win: you fundamentally don't understand the game. In the Super Bowl you really have to pick one of the teams that is in the final contest because that's how it's done. It's nice to think other teams is best or feel they got robbed but the system eliminates those candidates numerically. Until we restructure the Presidential Contest, your 3rd party vote indicates a fundamental misunderstanding of the compromises inherent in the current system.

And if you're voting for Trump because you think he's going to upend the system? You're a tool. Trump is for Trump. His continuously shifting allegiances and stances show a human being utterly divorced from notions of service, public works, or even coherent moral principles. He will sell you down the river for his own gain.

That last idiom was intentional.Dallas Morning News endorses Senator Clinton.Since it's 2016 now I don't even know if all these links will work!

No matter, posting anyway. Enjoy!


	What to Do When Your Space Helmet Fills With Water (yikes!)
	Sarkeesian at XOXO

	How CalArts Came To Dominate Hollywoods Animation Industry
The Evolution Of Visual Effects

	Styling And Animating SVGs With CSS
	This is the text version of a talk I gave on May 20, 2014, at Beyond Tellerrand in Dsseldorf, Germany. It's about everything important in computing right now.
	Let's Get Naked: 23 Female Cartoonists On Drawing Their Bodies
	Creating a font from a classic comic: Typographer Nate Piekos describes how he created a 21st-century typeface from a 1980 issue of Elfquestjust in time to begin lettering the comic series' conclusive installment.
	Lauren Ipsum: a computer science story for kids.
	Pulley "is a simple way to sell your digital art, music, videos, photography, fonts, eBooks, software, and other downloadable products."
	Print Ninja affordable self-publishing including comics.
	Trailers from Hell tackles Ralph Bakshi's Fritz the Cat and Coonskin and the incredibly improbably stories of each. Amazing. Astounding.
	Reminder: The police answer to us via Oliver Willis
Oh look links from 2014 I meant to post but never did!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2c9DEae
via IFTTTThe neat thing, well two neat things about working late are 1) this courtyard is so pretty & 2) it doesn't happen often. (from last night)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ce9vX4
via IFTTTThe rough return of Cube Cat. Immersed in his phone. Work in progress.Charming story from my pal Dennis Wilen (who I've known for quite some time, here's a 2001 blog post mentioning his wisdom) -- check it out: A 15 YEAR-OLD AT WASHINGTON PRESS CONFERENCES!

15 year old White House Reporter!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cgophD
via IFTTTFORTITUDE
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cxzOtl
via IFTTTI swear my red shirt does not indicate I work here.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cDsrzv
via IFTTTGrammie & David at Sundown
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cfZjyP
via IFTTTit me
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cOdIWQ
via IFTTTbell
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cfvouO
via IFTTTDavid + Sunglasses @ Jetty (from Saturday)In today's mailbag:




To our valued customers,

You may have seen news recently that some Wells Fargo customers received products and services that they did not want or need.

Every day we strive to get things right. In this instance we did not  and that is simply not acceptable.

So we are making it right.

The first step we've taken is to fully reimburse any customers who were affected by these actions.

We have been making some changes to how we do business over the last several years to ensure we are always aligned with our customers' interests. To that end, the second change is to ensure Team Members in our Retail Bank are compensated on what matters most: delivering great experiences and ensuring positive outcomes  not on product sales. For more details on this, go to wellsfargo.com/commitment.

Last week's news did not reflect Wells Fargo at its best. Your trust and confidence in us is something we hold near and dear. I know I speak for our 268,000 dedicated Team Members when I thank you for giving us the opportunity to continue serving you and supporting your financial future.

Sincerely,

John Stumpf
Chairman and CEO, Wells Fargo Bank


Further reading:


March 2015: Unions Try to Get Between Banks and Their Customers An international labor group brings its campaign to curb sales quotas to the U.S.
September 2016: Wells Fargo Fined $185 Million for Opening Phony Customer Accounts, Charging Fees Without Consent; Executives Go Scot Free
Time to unionize customer-facing bankers



An important message from John Stumpf, Wells Fargo CEOI've no idea what to do with this. But I use Pedometer++ and had the data export and so voila, I have a graph of my steps.



See it at http://joecrawford.com/steps/

I'm using the Google Charts "Scatter Chart" visualization.

And I put my code into a Github repository.Step CountI have opinions about Tim Bray's latest post Old Geek because I am something of an "Old Geek" too.

I am lucky to have found a place to work where grey hair is not an impediment. But I'm well-aware that my age may tend to make me seem less employable.

But I've had as a personal value and vocation to be the most informed and most aware developer that I can be. I've never been the best or fastest coder, but I've always been a thoughtful and deep-thinking coder. I like to think I straddle wisdom and knowledge in a positive way and strive to provide valuable service alongside a positive personality.

Smart and gets things done as Joel Spolsky might say. I also like to make sure that to the best extent possible I understand how things work end-to-end, and to understand why we do the things we do.Thoughts on being an Old Geek

Sheldon Brown, Jasmina Teanovi, and Bruce Sterling on Septemer 9, 2016 at the The Arthur C. Clarke Center for Human Imagination -- a great, inspiring night of talking about robots, industrial design, activism, design fiction, the Maker movement, and much else. My brains percolating with ideas from last night.  at UCSD Atkinson Hall.

Watch the video:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyb6JgWDSvgSheldon Brown, Jasmina Teanovi, and Bruce SterlingThe Six Million Dollar Ecom

Who dat?

This year for San Diego Comic-Con 2016 I dressed up on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.

Day 1 (Thursday) I was Walter Sobchak, a reprise I've done 2 times before. I dressed as Walter for Comic-Con 2015 and for Halloween 2014.



Day 2 (Friday) I dressed as Q--in his 21st century judges robes. I tried to make the necklace from Worbla but in the end it was not suited for that. I ended up printing out the necklace in color and assembling it in tape. Next time I do it I'll be doing things a bit differently. It was by far my most well-received costume at Con ever.



Day 3 (Saturday) I dressed as Gideon Graves--from Scott Pilgrim vs. The World. This was fun but I didn't get too noticed.



For San Diego Comic-Con 2015 I dressed up as Walter as I said. But I also dressed as Kingpin (Wilson Fisk):



That was pretty well-received given the Netflix Daredevil was fresh in folks' memories but I also got a fair amount of being mistaken for Lex Luthor.

I'm in my 40's, but I really do enjoy the fun of dressing up.

Cosplay 2016, and 2015 too.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2clGxY3
via IFTTTYellow outfit lass.I had a pile of back-images to import recently. For some reason WordPress Import External Images" was failing to work properly on the bulk task. It worked great on individual pages but for some reason the Ajax version would crap out.

Solution was to use a simple POST - accomplished by doing this in Chrome DevTools (or similar JS console) when logged in:


jQuery.ajax('/blog/wp-admin/upload.php?page=external_image', {method: 'POST', data: {action: 'backcatalog'}};


The plugin needs to be fixed. I swear it used to work.import-external-images 500 error with AjaxBack in 2012 I first added the Roman Numeral page, as I noted in this post. It's ultra-simple but it's also quite fun. I also removed jQuery from those pages. I made individual pages for individual numbers. I upgraded from the older version of Bootstrap that page uses.

Enjoy.




Roman Numerals, Updated.I give you one guess.You may have noticed that the masthead of my website has been updated with a new header. It has a nice background image that looks like this:



Or rather, you would have noticed it if you were visiting my site on a regular basis. Thats okay, lately I havent visited often either.

I do customized headers for the site periodically. At the time of this writing there are 101 of them. The first one was made in January of the year 2000. The latest one the other day. 101 in 16 years for a an average rate of about 6 per year. Some years less than others. The years after my mother died, far less. It's interesting to see the changes in my life affect the amount of effort I put into this personal website.

But I'm still a believer in the web. The "indie web" some call it now. I've had a personal website in one form or another for 20 years. I registered "artlung.com" for the first time January 30, 1997. That sounds right and sure sounds like a long time ago.

And yet it's all quite finite. The state of the world. The state of US politics. It's all quite a lot to bear. So diversions like this are enjoyable. I've let too many projects of mine go fallow for too long. It's okay to take time off, but right now, this historical moment seems like a good time to remember the power of personal publishing. It's time to take control of the many and various abilities to communicate to the world. I'm tired of every mechanism we have to talk to people filtered through entities who can censor us. I'm tired of moderating my voice through Facebook and Twitter because of community standards.

The net was once a bastion of free speech. Now I hear every other day about a person whose posts were taken down on Instagram. Accounts suspended for posting about police violence or a nipple. I'm tired of trolls and odious persons who make every space troll-space, insulting, making threats and threads of murder, rape and mayhem in response to people just trying to say their peace in this world. And I suppose mechanisms which take down posts and suspend accounts are intended to make this online space more livable. But in truth the world is not better off when we are afraid all the time to speak our peace. The world is worse.

Free expression is a human right. It's a basic part of human dignity. But it's rather higher up the ladder of the "hierarchy of needs." It's hard to take "free expression" seriously when people can't find a decent wage-paying job.

But maybe free expression can save us? Maybe the tools we have at our disposal to tell our truth are the pathway to make the world a better place? People need human connection. Thomas P.M. Barnett wrote a book a few years ago and stressed the idea of "connectivity" as being crucial for nations to have prosperity. I remember many of his talks, all online, and in them he would use the phrase "disconnectedness defines danger."

This phrase applies to people too. I think about the hard times in my life, and what kept me from destruction were those people who reached out to me to be there for me. Connection is the whole ball game.

And the indie web is a way to do that. Its not the only thing out there, but its an important thing. I think it can bridge the gaps between people. Between people who are angry at each other, even.

I was going to talk about the changes I made to my headers archive page but maybe it's not the interesting part of what I'm thinking about this morning. The source code is free for the viewing. You can view source on the HTML, and JavaScript, and the style sheets and have it and make your own thing if you want. That's what the web is to me. Its neat and connects people.



I'm not sure any of this makes sense but here at 4:44am, it's what's on my mind.

Thanks for your kind and considered attention.

crossposted to medium.com
That's what the web is to me

In 2003 I set it up with Gallery 1. Here's how it looked in 2005:




It's been in a pretty ugly state for quite a while, unfortunately. But now I've revamped it, and that makes me happy.

Check it out at artlung.com/photos/Gallery, exhumed.It's the morning after the debate. I've only watched a few smatterings of it while reading a fair amount of reaction from a lot of different quarters.

It seems like Mr Donald Trump is an impulsive, lying, selfish person. I guess we knew that, but he really showed if off last night. He's a classic B.S. artist unfit to be President of the United States.

Meanwhile, Secretary Clinton is unflappable, steadfast, and a solid public servant with our best interests at heart.

Neither is my first choice. But one of them is lying and unfit. The other one I just donated $20 to elect. Vote Hillary Clinton and do what you can.

If you're in the USA: Vote.Vote!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dkyHeP
via IFTTTLook E on Friars #sandiegoAll this looking backward means sometimes I'll be looking at ancient stuff. Here's something from 2002. From Charles' website: WEBSANDIEGO BIRTHDAY (that's an Internet Archive Wayback Machine page):





WebSanDiego's 3rd Birthday
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2d5VLk1
via IFTTTGuard Dog. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dfI0jr
via IFTTTMorning, earlier.

I'm sure having a lot of fun tagging stuff.Tagged "#DogsOfSlacker"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cJenbb
via IFTTTCurrywurst, often spoken about by my dad from when he was stationed at Checkpoint Charlie in West Germany.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2djnyy1
via IFTTThello #inktober ! 2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dlrkHv
via IFTTTinktober 2. Batman. #inktober #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cMe1k9
via IFTTTSan Diego Comic-Con / with David Snow! Fun find from the archives. 2001!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dUXqdV
via IFTTTKikaider () hails from 1972. Oftentimes I get suggestions from friends on bots I never heard of and I finally found an affordable Kikaider. Thanks @james47ag for inspiring today's New Bot Monday!


https://www.flickr.com/photos/artlung/30029443281/


Related: Dead Man, 1997 and PMR Bag and Resuscitation Bag, 1992.
Inktober #3 2016 is autobiographical. The "LUNG" in "ArtLung" is from when I worked as a Respiratory Therapist.I added a page to archive my archived jams. It parses the exported CSV file that the site provided.



As I said before, super classy.
This Is My Jam: Archive
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2cReUYA
via IFTTTZatanna! Magical superhero. #inktober #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dSpUlY
via IFTTTGraffiti's getting out of control. #inktober #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dTm4wm
via IFTTT#inktober 5. #inktober2016As a teenager I taped lots of stuff off the radio and TV. Here are my latest encodes:

Douglas Adams interviewed by Larry King, 1987



David Letterman interviewed by Howard Cosell





Audio PackrattitudeSeeing a friend "checking in" on Facebook to New Orleans reminded me of just how much New Orleans means to me.

We lived there for a few years when I was a kid. I went to several Mardi Gras. Including one during which I got lost and was found by National Guardsman. I was 11. And only reluctantly was found. That parade was awesome.

I never really feel lost.

(Aside: when I was 4 years old I got lost at Cinco de Mayo in downtown L.A. -- I wandered around perfectly happy... when I was found and brought to my mother Phyllis, who was frantic no doubt since I was missing more than an hour -- apparently 4 year old me told my Mom -- "Mama, you got lost!")

I loved man things about that part of the country. Mardi Gras, Walking along canals. White shells as ground cover. The Jazz & Heritage Festival. Crawfish boils. Muffalettas. The local kids made my nickname "Crawdad" or "Crawdad" or "Crawdaddy." What other nickname would you give to a kid with the last name Crawford when you live within a mile or two of the Mississippi?

My family loved Red Beans and Rice, particularly my father James, and once we lived there we went to Buster Holmes' famous restaurant. Wonderful food. Mom smuggled out some extra french bread out of the place one time when we went.



This photo of Buster Holmes -- well, honestly I can't remember if we saw or met him at the restaurant -- but it makes me nostalgic nonetheless.

Buster appeared on SNL once. I hope somebody encodes it at some point.



BUSTER HOLMES WORLD FAMOUS RED BEANS AND RICE

1 pound red beans
1 pound smoked ham hock
1 onion, chopped
1/2 green bell pepper, chopped
Salt and pepper to taste
2 cloves garlic
1/2 stick margarine

Pick through beans to remove any rocks. Wash beans and cover with water. Add onion, bell pepper, ham hock and garlic. Cook on slow fire until done, about 2 hours. Add salt, pepper and margarine and cook 5 minutes. Serve on rice with Louisiana hot sauce and French bread and butter.



Buster Holmes
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dyWWbe
via IFTTT

"My grandmother," Warbaby rumbled, like a tectonic plate giving up and diving for China, "was Vietnamese. Grandaddy, a Detroit boy. Army man. Brought her home from Saigon, but then he didn't stick around. My daddy, his son, he changed his name to Warbaby, see? A gesture. Sentiment."

Virtual Light (w) (amz)

Lucius Warbaby from William Gibson's Virtual Light is today's #inktober Bounty hunter, doleful as hell, Amerasian from a 2006 San Francisco that never was. #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dTmqDM
via IFTTTWeddings occasionally occur at the office where I work.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dCwm1r
via IFTTTAt some point I'll do Carrie Kelly justice. #inktober #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dV1rAr
via IFTTTNew Bot, Trek's Q & #imwithher
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dbdQ0j
via IFTTTMe, Raideen (sic) & Mazinga (sic). North of $200 each and too tall for the collection. Oceanside Antique Bots!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dEvGZt
via IFTTT#inktober 8 melange. #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ddak5B
via IFTTT"I WANT BETTY'S HUSBAND FOR PRESIDENT"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dVgsOq
via IFTTTnine inktober @artlung two thousand & sixteen #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dFnkS5
via IFTTTSurly Penguin. concept by @starblade68 #inktober #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dPlc9E
via IFTTTLady Ada for #inktober and #adalovelaceday #inktober2016 I owe my livelihood to her.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dYgfKQ
via IFTTT12 days running Ink Ink Ink. #inktober2016 #inktober
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ekAkyz
via IFTTTBus Inktober Caricature of Magenta Chef with the Labret Piercing

Challenging myself to draw this month. A thing I saw on wannabeanimator said draw your character as the various things each day in October. Cube Cat as a ghost!Inktober 1, 2015Black Cat! Inktober 2, 2015

Cube Cat is not used to Cosplay.Inktober #3 2015: Skeleton.Inktober #4 2015: featuring kid Cube Cat.

Self as Frankensteins Monster.Inktober number seven 2015Harlequin, Harley Quinn for #inktober 7, 2015Inktober 12, 2015: overworked edition.Inktober 14, 2015

Inktober day 16 drawn to an imperfect watery end.Inktober 16, 2015

#madewithpaper / fiftythree.comARTLUNG  INKTOBER 17 / 2015
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dCqwv3
via IFTTTThis week has been rough. What better balm than new bot Friday? GoShogun () hails from 1981 anime and film. The toy is from 1999 and I dig it.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dDpS0g
via IFTTT#Inktober 14. Space folk something something? #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ejIiED
via IFTTTA #startrek sketch for #inktober #inktober2016
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dYutMn
via IFTTTnew phone who dis
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ejelUE
via IFTTTSpecial Service / 41 Bus.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2esCcSf
via IFTTTCheating and behind on #inktober2016 but feeling inspired by Afropunk, Afrofuturism & Greg Tate.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ekDjaM
via IFTTTBackdated #inktober2016 quickie roughsI came across Font Awesome (@fontawesome on twitter) the other day helping out a pal on a project. How had I not heard of this? It's a rather nice web font that includes lots of glyphs. You can use them by adding their library and adding a bit of markup. I made a little explorer to experiment with the various classes you might want to add to make the icons bigger, align differently, spin, rotate, what-have-you. Check it out in the lab.


Font Awesome is... Awesome
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ewoAEg
via IFTTTNew addition to the corkboard.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2epfwq2
via IFTTTBolo ties, with turquoise, a speciality. Made it to Arizona without incident.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eZenV4
via IFTTTBook of Mo Found object, Mesa AZ.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2f0E5J2
via IFTTTSo @lulubell_toys is awesome. If you're in the Phoenix area, check it out.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eQmOCU
via IFTTTExtremism in defense of commemorative plates is no vice.  Governor Barry Goldwater
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eCnQh0
via IFTTTAn older photo, but this is my pal Chris to whom I wish a VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eM4qr8
via IFTTTNEW BOT MONDAY: Super Electromagnetic Machine Voltes V. My most favorite Bot of all.  are the first Japanese ideograms I ever copied onto paper. Predates Voltron, with which it is confused, by 6 or 7 years. Famously banned by the dictatorial Marcos regime because of revolutionary ideas. Beloved by Filipinos of a certain age. Voltes V is the bot that made me fall in love with bots. Those toys are too highly priced to buy, but this one is a fine interim purchase.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eDoVaR
via IFTTTInscrutable #inktober2016 number 18. LATE. #inktober
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2epbDPK
via IFTTTINKTOBER NINETEEN. #inktober #inktober2016 Thank you waiting room guy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2erTrVK
via IFTTTSketchbot by @stevetalkowski joins the collection. Pencil-wielding with a bit of attitude. Got him in AZ @lulubell_toys
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dLhATr
via IFTTTShelby getting up in my grill #dogsofslackerGo thou and read jwz's They Live and the secret history of the Mozilla logo.

They Live really does encapsulate the 1980s very well.They Live is essentialIt's been some time since Leah wrote anything at length. Do yourself a favor and have a read of This One is for My Flock of Black Sheep (and Their Families), one of many good bits:

There have always been outcasts because we as humans have always been in tribes. In order for tribes to feel strong and cohesive and SURVIVE, there had to be an US versus THEM mentality. Not many of us actually need this dynamic anymore, given that we live in homes and have food on the table and our actual physical survival isnt brokered by creating bonding rituals. And yet, these old patterns persist.

Check it outLeah on "Black Sheep"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eK6UbH
via IFTTTSort of a hint about my "costume." Sort of. Not really.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2dV9JYr
via IFTTT

And, additionally, here's a photo of the prep:

I am an iPhone playing @slackerradio playing Prince. Foregoing the eye makeup. #slackerradio
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2f1rRzj
via IFTTTToo scary (and pretty) to eat #slackerradio
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2foF1b9
via IFTTTFreddy & Me #slackerradio
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2egpIi0
via IFTTTMe and a Chicken!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ewesfa
via IFTTTHome stretch for Hil.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ffPLaB
via IFTTTNo filter, but the water is dyed.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eFnGpx
via IFTTTSurface Studio Pro at @microsoftstore San Diego sure is nice.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ed2Am4
via IFTTTThis daylight is not saved.
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BMo7wClDoW7/
via IFTTTWill I take a break from the world for a #WonderWoman cupcake? Heck yes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eL0Kog
via IFTTTCalifornia is  and must always be  a refuge of justice and opportunity for people of all walks, talks, ages and aspirations  regardless of how you look, where you live, what language you speak, or who you love. California Senate President pro Tempore Kevin de Len & California Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2f1rkKr
via IFTTTLillie.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eO24Xa
via IFTTTnot all girls who like makeup grow up to be pretty young ladies
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fMnAA9
via IFTTTCalifornia. Chevy. Say it again in your head, make sure to emphasize the "Ch" on this Impala.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fO3OSV
via IFTTTLillie & Maxie
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2g7Q4VN
via IFTTTLille morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eVz1nR
via IFTTTToadstool. This land, was made for you and me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fpwPpr
via IFTTTMoon, super.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eXJUG0
via IFTTTNorthern California, showing off this morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fC9FtB
via IFTTTFoggy morn.Joint Statement from California Legislative Leaders on Result of Presidential Election gives me hope. I hope it gives you hope too.

Wednesday, November 09, 2016

SACRAMENTO  California Senate President pro Tempore Kevin de Len (D-Los Angeles) and California Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon (D-Paramount) released the following statement on the results of the President election:

Today, we woke up feeling like strangers in a foreign land, because yesterday Americans expressed their views on a pluralistic and democratic society that are clearly inconsistent with the values of the people of California.

We have never been more proud to be Californians.

By a margin in the millions, Californians overwhelmingly rejected politics fueled by resentment, bigotry, and misogyny.

The largest state of the union and the strongest driver of our nations economy has shown it has its surest conscience as well.

California is  and must always be  a refuge of justice and opportunity for people of all walks, talks, ages and aspirations  regardless of how you look, where you live, what language you speak, or who you love.

California has long set an example for other states to follow. And California will defend its people and our progress. We are not going to allow one election to reverse generations of progress at the height of our historic diversity, scientific advancement, economic output, and sense of global responsibility.

We will be reaching out to federal, state and local officials to evaluate how a Trump Presidency will potentially impact federal funding of ongoing state programs, job-creating investments reliant on foreign trade, and federal enforcement of laws affecting the rights of people living in our state. We will maximize the time during the presidential transition to defend our accomplishments using every tool at our disposal.

While Donald Trump may have won the presidency, he hasnt changed our values. America is greater than any one man or party. We will not be dragged back into the past. We will lead the resistance to any effort that would shred our social fabric or our Constitution.

California was not a part of this nation when its history began, but we are clearly now the keeper of its future.
###
Hoy despertamos sintindonos extranjeros en tierra extraa, porque ayer los estadounidenses expresaron sus opiniones sobre una sociedad pluralista y democrtica que es claramente inconsistente con los valores de la gente de California.

Nunca nos hemos sentido ms orgullosos de ser californianos.

Por un margen de millones de votos, los californianos rechazaron abrumadoramente la poltica alimentada por el resentimiento, la intolerancia y la misoginia.

El estado ms grande de la unin y la locomotora de la economa de nuestra nacin ha demostrado que tambin tiene su conciencia ms tranquila.

California es - y debe ser siempre - un refugio de justicia y oportunidades para las personas de todos los orgenes, lenguas, edades, y aspiraciones - independientemente de su apariencia, dnde vivan, qu idioma hablen, o a quines amen.

California, por mucho tiempo, ha sido un ejemplo a seguir para otros estados. Y California defender a su gente y nuestro progreso. No vamos a permitir que una eleccin sea un revs para el progreso de generaciones en la cima de nuestra histrica diversidad, el avance cientfico, la generacin econmica y un sentido de responsabilidad global.

Estaremos comunicndonos con los funcionarios federales, estatales y locales para evaluar cmo una Presidencia Trump podra afectar potencialmente los fondos de programas estatales en curso, las inversiones creadoras de empleos que dependen del comercio exterior y la aplicacin de las leyes federales que afectan los derechos de las personas que viven en nuestro estado.

Estaremos utilizando al mximo el tiempo durante la transicin presidencial para defender nuestros logros, usando cada herramienta a nuestra disposicin.

Aunque Donald Trump haya ganado la presidencia, no ha cambiado nuestros valores. Estados Unidos es ms grande que cualquier hombre o partido. No seremos arrastrados de vuelta al pasado. Lideraremos la resistencia a cualquier esfuerzo que destruya nuestro tejido social o nuestra Constitucin.

California no era una parte de esta nacin cuando comenz su historia, pero ahora somos claramente los encargados de mantener su futuro.
###
California, keeper of the future of the USA.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2f8mihM
via IFTTTVery pretty, but not a good harbinger for my day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fbc794
via IFTTTGood breakfast.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2groqTJ
via IFTTTMonday I met Tom Bickle in person, I've known him online for 14 years, give or take. He lives in NorCal, 450 miles away. It was a delight to get to know each other in person. Our conversation was a bright light in a shadowy week. I hope we get a chance to converse again in the fullness of time. Reach out and be friendly, for life is short. Libert, Libert chrie!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2frLvE9
via IFTTTHail to the Chief
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gisJjS
via IFTTTFree goggles and USB cable at South Mission today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ghimJz
via IFTTTNot really a beach day but we're faking it. It's great.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fTo3Au
via IFTTTHolidays means family in town and fun adventures!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fZHULe
via IFTTTUmbrella/Beach/Niece/Wintertime
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gc2o3P
via IFTTTHome. Work. Lots of history for me downtown. Ballpark in the distance. Grant in the mural upper right.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gE9r5P
via IFTTTI am happy to see this park in service again.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gdaRU8
via IFTTTThe Adas Polo at Bandar was not fooling around 15 years ago. Still not fooling around. Pricey but amazing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gEYhO5
via IFTTTJury Duty completed. San Diego is wonderful. Imperfect. This sky though: beauty.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2g2LiYr
via IFTTTLILO is new here. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gn99jn
via IFTTTMy Native Habitat
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fXdX2y
via IFTTT'Tis the season
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2h8XkkA
via IFTTTJacqui & Helene (& Santa)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gSdk77
via IFTTTLee & Neen (& Santa)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2h6FFG2
via IFTTTFull Grey, Full Red. From last week. Downtown.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hf6jg2
via IFTTT"Cutest Couple" candidates.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2h3Kjpu
via IFTTTI walk lots & wear my shoes until they are overdue dead. Replaced.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gbZD1D
via IFTTTDaily reminder computers suck; avoid them. "Signage Player.exe has stopped working"


Calling everyone who shoots something a terrorist is an error.
Calling every protester a rioter is an error.
Calling all news you don't understand or don't agree with or has error or is propaganda "fake news" is an error.
Calling every politician crooked is an error.
Calling every news outlet "mainstream media" is an error.
Calling every reporter biased is an error.
There are differences between things, use the words that are the most correct.
Learn to make judgments about what judgments you make.
And accept that you will make errors. Accept those errors with as much graciousness as you can muster.
And listen carefully to those who disagree with you.
And defend what needs defending. Because there are absolutely fundamental rights that must be defended.
make judgments about what judgments you make
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2giBk6K
via IFTTTLEAF!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2htvcoD
via IFTTTPost-party last night. Happy Holidays Merry Christmas Happy Hanukkah Happy New Year!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hfgfrf
via IFTTTGimme five Bear.Donald Trump has said many times he wants to "drain the swamp."

Drain: cause the water or other liquid in (something) to run out, leaving it empty, dry, or drier.

Dredge: clean out the bed of (a harbor, river, or other area of water) by scooping out mud, weeds, and rubbish.

Given the folks he's put in his cabinet, maybe he does mean drain - he's draining the water which might otherwise clean the swap, leaving only the mud, weeds, and rubbish.


Drain vs. Dredge
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hGMFK2
via IFTTTSophie, from last week. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gyV3uw
via IFTTTMy wonderful sister & Ferris. Year? 2000.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gNT5eD
via IFTTTI made this "Hamburger." (It's a reminder of our Scrum safe word (when a speaker goes off into the weeds)).
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hUQP5u
via IFTTTPre-show at REDCAT. James Baldwin Robert Johnson visual mashup.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hSIs7l
via IFTTTThen I picked up glasses, further solidifying my age.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2irSlIA
via IFTTTChristmas Eve in Los Angeles!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2iecT7W
via IFTTTBella Elf/Christmas Eve Jumpin'
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2isbqdE
via IFTTTI look forward to a day many years hence when she will giggle at this photo. Merry Christmas Bella and everyone!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hk10z4
via IFTTTNo cuteometer can measure this level of cuteness. Merry Christmas!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hl0P6i
via IFTTTTiny Mermaid Christmas Chaos
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ipgK2f
via IFTTTI found a wall decoration in my building at work that's pretty interesting.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hBPi2T
via IFTTTI like that my sister, my late Mom, and late Grandfather appear in my #2016bestnine
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hIj6MZ
via IFTTTnew year/new sunset/freedom
They Dont Waste Time Feeling Sorry for Themselves
They Dont Give Away Their Power
They Dont Shy Away from Change
They Dont Waste Energy on Things They Cant Control
They Dont Worry About Pleasing Everyone
They Dont Fear Taking Calculated Risks
They Dont Dwell on the Past
They Dont Make the Same Mistakes Over and Over
They Dont Resent Other Peoples Success
They Dont Give Up After the First Failure
They Dont Fear Alone Time
They Dont Feel the World Owes Them Anything
They Dont Expect Immediate Results

Source: 13 Things Mentally Strong People Dont Do by Amy Morin, LCSW.

Dont Do.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2j36zj5
via IFTTTsmirk
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2jj2QlF
via IFTTTUtah is nice. Snow is overrated.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2i6yPpc
via IFTTTPondering care for family. Joe & Jean Crawford I love and miss you.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2kcYXeH
via IFTTTWhat a great day! #sandiegowomansmarch
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2iSsWMU
via IFTTTSan Diego showed up yesterday! #sandiegowomensmarch #womensmarch
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2jNDLgo
via IFTTTPhoto poor, but gather rosebuds anyway. Beauty is fuel. Resisting oppression takes energy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2jVQTSx
via IFTTTHere's my Dad allowing me to practice listening for breath sounds on him in 1992. He's 70 today and in better shape than he was in the 90s! I love him. Happy Birthday Dad!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2kxHG41
via IFTTTBear is not paying real good attention to this meeting.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2kGqgCr
via IFTTTRevolutionary partner.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2jGGeux
via IFTTTBreakfast in L.A.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2jHG0F6
via IFTTTShelby, dubious. #dogsofslacker
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2l8CiBm
via IFTTTtiny breakfast start
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ktE1Bl
via IFTTTthe leah @ the beach
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2kFlAvu
via IFTTTHere for kind of a Baldwin. I'll always miss going to see movies at the Crest down the street but this is nice too.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lExT8E
via IFTTTunder the pier
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lMvBoR
via IFTTT14 years, 4 months, 9 days since our first date and many more to come! Happy Valentines Day Leah!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lW0Jpj
via IFTTTPogo's ready.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lx02lV
via IFTTTSan Diego followed us to Los Angeles.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2m1POas
via IFTTTPogues.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2l3TB5s
via IFTTTSome species wear bright colors to thwart predators.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lBPW0F
via IFTTT  patriotic graffiti stickers at the bus stop
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lR5Aao
via IFTTTYesterday, the object on the right made up for the discomfort caused by the diagnostic system on the left.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2m4VHpM
via IFTTTWet morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2licOVY
via IFTTTLong time, no bot! New Bot Thursday brings us Maximilian from Disney's film "The Black Hole" (1978). He's silent, he's murderous, he scared me as a kid!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2mRhvmY
via IFTTTDuke Hi Duke!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lPJxOG
via IFTTTSometimes, it's #Voltes5 time. Let's Volt In!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2nrAe7R
via IFTTTday walkabout in the car
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2m808Bo
via IFTTT@ NEWPORT/earlier
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2mJc3ln
via IFTTTAge 46, final day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2npMn0V
via IFTTTTwo pieces by the great @nikinapalm, excellent artist I've been following for a few years. Left: 2013, Right: 2017.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2nZEzj4
via IFTTTFortysomething. Leah & I at Warwick's yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2nEMcyZ
via IFTTTCaution Bees in Area 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2mZRel2
via IFTTTBirthday Week Bot Double Feature! Welcome to the terrifying liquid metal T-1000 from Terminator 2: Judgement Day (1991) and notorious bounty hunter IG-88 from The Empire Strikes Back (1980).
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2o7upk2
via IFTTTPurple
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2nxpRAI
via IFTTTI'm not sure you've seen my wife lately. So, you're welcome. From a few weeks back.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2oHGU2f
via IFTTTAngled.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2oM0mv3
via IFTTT["hats", "brushes"]
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2nBvgVI
via IFTTTPre-epidural. It went uneventfully. I'll know in a few days whether the steroid injected into my spine under fluoroscopy addresses my pain. 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2nUPFWh
via IFTTTStarting the week off right with a new bot! Daitetsujin 17 (17) is a battle robot from a 1977 tv show who defends Earth from Brain: Earth's supercomputer that went rogue. Yes, we've been scared of computers a long time. Welcome Daitetsujin One-Seven!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2oZbQzu
via IFTTTMaybe no prettier place to sketch.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ox0Pnl
via IFTTTTrying out #Linea drawing app here on Holy Thursday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2nOCbA4
via IFTTTOpportunities abound.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pqVXP1
via IFTTTThis makes grandmas happy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pfYPl1
via IFTTTHello Sunshine (my Mom would have loved this welcome mat)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pWQYW5
via IFTTTPrior, current, what will my next card say?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2oAdYd6
via IFTTTWaiting for the Griffith Park Train to depart. Last time I was here? 44-ish years ago. There's Super-8 camera footage of it. Also David, right.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2oFoD6o
via IFTTTShe knows the sheep goes "baaa."
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pYTL1P
via IFTTTThe obvious solution to not getting a single photo where everyone looks good is to use four photos. Right?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2q1bTbi
via IFTTTMy new kickstarter will be for a live-action reboot of Lone Wolf & Cub" where they shop for inexpensive electronics products. Also they won't be samurai. That might impact funding.Beastie Boys
The Blasters
David Byrne
Elvis Costello
Cracker
Dave Matthews Band
De La Soul
Dead Can Dance
Debbie Harry
Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy
Elton John
General Public
Keb Mo
Los Lobos
Love and Rockets
Barry Manilow
Maroon 5
Men at Work
Morrissey
New Order
Oingo Boingo
PJ Harvey
Public Image Ltd
The Ramones
Santana
Jill Sobule
Stew / The Negro Problem
Matthew Sweet
They Might Be Giants
Tom Tom Club
Tori Amos
U2
X
Dweezil Zappa / Zappa Plays ZappaNo lies, I've seen these bands.Alexander Stephens, Vice President of the Confederate States of America: March 21, 1861:

But not to be tedious in enumerating the numerous changes for the better, allow me to allude to one other -- though last, not least. The new constitution has put at rest, forever, all the agitating questions relating to our peculiar institution -- African slavery as it exists amongst us -- the proper status of the negro in our form of civilization. This was the immediate cause of the late rupture and present revolution. Jefferson in his forecast, had anticipated this, as the "rock upon which the old Union would split." He was right. What was conjecture with him, is now a realized fact. But whether he fully comprehended the great truth upon which that rock stood and stands, may be doubted. The prevailing ideas entertained by him and most of the leading statesmen at the time of the formation of the old constitution, were that the enslavement of the African was in violation of the laws of nature; that it was wrong in principle, socially, morally, and politically. It was an evil they knew not well how to deal with, but the general opinion of the men of that day was that, somehow or other in the order of Providence, the institution would be evanescent and pass away. This idea, though not incorporated in the constitution, was the prevailing idea at that time. The constitution, it is true, secured every essential guarantee to the institution while it should last, and hence no argument can be justly urged against the constitutional guarantees thus secured, because of the common sentiment of the day. Those ideas, however, were fundamentally wrong. They rested upon the assumption of the equality of races. This was an error. It was a sandy foundation, and the government built upon it fell when the "storm came and the wind blew."

The "Cornerstone Speech"

tl;dr: it was slavery.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pdQaw4
via IFTTTFinal blurry in-office selfie at Slacker. It's been a lovely 5 years.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2q6vx9a
via IFTTTThis weather nonsense is why I live in California.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pNLq1i
via IFTTTNephews AND Robots. Not sure there's many better situations than this.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pKkQHI
via IFTTTS, K. Falls Church, Virginia. 2017.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qBgiES
via IFTTTFrom a few weeks ago: T & L.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pKxwyl
via IFTTTArcher, and a Shirley Temple. @ JINYA Ramen. Great place.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pKo1iw
via IFTTTThere's no end to the green in Virginia.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2phgDaU
via IFTTTWe are all so proud of my sister and her work on this exhibit (and Batman & Robin & Superman to boot!)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ploKo4
via IFTTTSerious Smith Pokmon Club. That's a good Auntie right there.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pSehmZ
via IFTTTSuper Pixel Bros
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pmdac0
via IFTTTArtoo Dee-Cat.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2paFvGt
via IFTTTGrandpa Jim & dozing Fletcher.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qH2mJC
via IFTTTthese brothers! dancing, sorta
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2px7SL3
via IFTTTFletcher in the WonderPlace kitchen from this weekend.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2px4cJ9
via IFTTTNew Bot Tuesday! Not for me tho. :)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qZMPkH
via IFTTTnow playing: tomorrow never knows. That you may see the meaning of within. It is being. GOOD morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pwWkGS
via IFTTTCrawtators. (Lunch with my astounding sister).
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pl9ds8
via IFTTTI'm not a hooligan / I rock the party and / clear all the madness Incredible and moving museum. "Blood of my blood" as Baldwin would say.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pAFlTY
via IFTTTDon't dump snow off the top of the parking garage. I think.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qv61dC
via IFTTTReflected in Gil Scott-Heron's jacket.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qwQudk
via IFTTTNo I don't need beachwear right now.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pD7Hgf
via IFTTTPLEASE NO STANDEES IN THIS AREA
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pq6ptM
via IFTTTPret-a-manger is still a great chain. Buttoned up post-rain. And grapes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2r7zJ4S
via IFTTTNephew dancing to Daniel Tiger song. Nephew sock adornment. Last weekday of this trip. It's been so great.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qAh999
via IFTTTit may seem strange to ask a just God's assistance in wringing their bread from the sweat of other men's faces. Lincoln's Second Inaugural Address is still my favorite speech. Gets me every time, what he bore, and the hardship this Nationmy Nationendured.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qdyTEi
via IFTTT1st Lt. Bob Kalsu served & died at the Battle of Firebase Ripcord in 1970. My father served there as a corpsman and made it home. 58-thousand names on this wall. Bob Kalsu is one.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rbloFs
via IFTTTMy sister's group is responsible for an overwhelming display of orchids at the Hirshhorn Museum.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qf7HVJ
via IFTTTBoth of us easily amused by a small screen.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qfZocv
via IFTTTArcher, Javie.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qcUwa6
via IFTTT#sqaudgoals
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pJGqJY
via IFTTT
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qftMFS
via IFTTTArcher & his Lego creation. Plus two of mine. I leave VA for Calif. this morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qk8DYS
via IFTTTIf you're apt to get Key lime pie, get it in Florida.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ql1IPg
via IFTTTI aspire to this level of joyful anticipatory anxiety.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2riz2Wx
via IFTTTHello, L. (It's very good to be home).
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rivaoz
via IFTTTNephewz. It's good to be home but I miss them. Good boys, always in motion.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qlEYAX
via IFTTTMe and a poster from Shirley Chisholm's '72 Presidential campaign. We need more Chisholm in this world.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2quRTjK
via IFTTTErin, animated. We think the last time we went to Ichiban together was sometime in the 90s in case you wonder about how long we've been pals.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rzBM1P
via IFTTTIf you're reading this, you will never be as cool as Bootsy Collins. [pic from last week]
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2q00qfB
via IFTTTFred "Fab Five Freddy" Brathwaite; Justices Sotomayor, Kagan, O'Connor & Ginsburg; Superman Chris Reeve; Samuel "Mark Twain" Clemens; Thomas Edison, me. I went to the National Portrait Gallery at my sister's suggestion last week and it was awesome.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qFlDKu
via IFTTTClose-up.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qbEgHn
via IFTTTJavie & Me. From last week in Virginia.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2r2kkps
via IFTTTMy pal @starblade68 just dashes drawings like this in 5 minutes. His work is impressive.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qrmJWX
via IFTTTZac, I and Chris played around with @procreateapp at the Apple Store yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qmOxRg
via IFTTTTiny Batman started strong being up at 5:30am, but zonked again not long thereafter. Toddlers toddle.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2saOkge
via IFTTTBatman and I went to the park. Batman's not ready for the swings but likes slides. He
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qqxLR2
via IFTTTGrandparenting up a storm here.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qvGZYf
via IFTTT2 year olds know how to have fun in shoe stores. Always find the awesome stuff and you're never bored.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rdL9Fk
via IFTTTChairman of the Board @ 1 years old.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sf7HEW
via IFTTTBella in a Bella outfit, Joe (me) in a Voltes V outfit.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qx5atu
via IFTTTRiding the camel.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rhRiAD
via IFTTTI'll be in my monkey chair, reading  all that anyone wants to say, really.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sm6Mm7
via IFTTTDavid is developing innovative swordplay technologies I'm happy to help alpha-test. (photo from yesterday)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2seXOYR
via IFTTTBatman. Super-Scientist.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rr11Xb
via IFTTTWishing tree.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rqpg5T
via IFTTTShoulder-riding was my favorite when I was tiny. Now I am full-size & shoulder-carrying is a favorite.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ryPTI5
via IFTTT6am. Time for hydration & Furchester Hotel.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qKKkqv
via IFTTTPark glee with @danielle_win & Bella!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rP9Xa1
via IFTTTSlide.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qRm4hC
via IFTTTTool development continues for small-sized naturalist. (Photo from Thursday).
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sB5MLc
via IFTTTTheir mommy & daddy fly home soon. Sometimes Bella goes looking for them. Tomorrow morning they'll be here.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sre8pt
via IFTTTFinal night in L.A., as the kids today put it: "all the feels."David with pine needle foil, mini-soccer ball & Gpa Joe.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rsJo9c
via IFTTTUnlike last week: no capes, no breakfast negotiations.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rIyHO9
via IFTTTVisiting Queen Califia. Thanks Susan for teaching me about it.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qZsosB
via IFTTTYou can't beat the view from Ki's. Shoutout to @mickele1226 cc @leah7peah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2r04AVl
via IFTTTI enjoyed this place very much.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sMVFUH
via IFTTT"This day will soon be at an end and now it's even sooner and now it's even sooner"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rhKD7I
via IFTTTAdam West was the first Batman who left a strong impression on me. And he was self-deprecating. RIP old chum.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rWH8Hf
via IFTTTSome views of the Midway require no ticket.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ti9I3S
via IFTTTI've been on San Diego Bay many times but this was my first time taking the ferry. The Coronado Bay Bridge was finished 7 months before I was born. I never needed the Ferry. But it's a beautiful 15 minute ride from Broadway Pier.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2snrHGH
via IFTTTEXTREMELY happy with this purchase of a handplane from @corehandplanes #handplane #oceanbeachsandiego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2spc81v
via IFTTTHappy Father's Day to my Dad!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2swDZN5
via IFTTTHappy Birthday to my Wonderful Sister!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2toYz23
via IFTTTImpressive demo of the GunnAR system from BEMR Lab at #startupweeksandiego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sN2lV7
via IFTTTIn early/mid 1980s I came to my first San Diego Comic-Cons here. They were awesome.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rWQGPj
via IFTTTPrototyping exercise really cool at #startupweeksandiego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2rXfXZO
via IFTTTA mile and a half inland and it's sunny with blue skies. The water's edge is all gray. But I'm going in.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2suTCpO
via IFTTTCoffee at the Ballpark.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sW9sdW
via IFTTTCity College.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tzrUqy
via IFTTTEwon's space rocking the #OrphanBlack very heavy.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2s48CI3
via IFTTTCyber Aztln is already here, it's just not equally distributed.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2t7M9Od
via IFTTT"Your best teacher is your last mistake." Nathra Nader (photo from last week)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sffE1m
via IFTTTClowny Frowns
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sQ8gbp
via IFTTTstraw hat club. from yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tq3RO9
via IFTTTYesterday morning had a great start.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2trcyHO
via IFTTTfather & son (yesterday)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2uzt6Kk
via IFTTTShe does not hate putting on and taking off the sunglasses.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2t9KGqk
via IFTTTMysterio, Spider-Man, Gamora, Vision, T'Challa. (not pictured: lots more)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tGhwQm
via IFTTTIndependence Day.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2umynWg
via IFTTTDavid 2.06. Happy 4th. May Freedom & & Equal Justice Under Law prevail, always.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tMt8kN
via IFTTTI believe this Toast is French.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2uEcJwV
via IFTTTLong may it wave 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tAZEpO
via IFTTTNegora  by Konatsu! Who doesn't love a Catzilla?
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tHcItI
via IFTTTColoring practice in @procreateapp with an old #inktober drawing.More coloring practice with @procreateapp on a cowgirl drawing from 2014.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2sR0LyL
via IFTTTMore coloring practice with @procreateapp on a cowgirl drawing from 2014. #cowgirl #drawing
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tNQggW
via IFTTTMore coloring practice. Drawing by me 30 years ago. @procreateapp #drawing #cyberpunk
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ujcDgC
via IFTTTOh look more coloring practice with @procreateapp #drawing #alienhttps://twitter.com/NMamatas/status/867043607160569856

Moonraker had EVERYTHING I NEEDED in a movie when I was 10. Moore was the first Bond I ever saw and he was cool.

Speaking of Moonraker. #RelationshipGoals



And Roger Moore provided some levity himself. There's no shame in that for a movie with a genocidal eugenicist as villain.



Roger Moore, rest in peace. You had the balance of goofball and suave the world needs more of.

Roger Moore was awesome. Moonraker underrated.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tTcNu8
via IFTTTPride Weekend San Diego 2017 #sandiego #pride #drawing #spacesuit #procreate
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2trt85O
via IFTTTSunset Cliffs Animal Hospital: great van!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tXvdsp
via IFTTTSan Diego bus riding cartoon portraits. Finished with @procreateapp #sandiego by @artlung
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tYuCIn
via IFTTTRollin with @missewon yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2tYvj60
via IFTTTCurrent sketchbook cover.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2u2o39r
via IFTTTInk.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2w4gSe5
via IFTTTEXPERT TAILOR
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2u50Q6E
via IFTTTmeet leah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vjtTTw
via IFTTTsalty/selfy
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2u5xVPI
via IFTTTCube Cat lacks a narrative to go with his vague street setting. Cube Cat needs writing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2u4S5VW
via IFTTTLucky
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hyIBk6
via IFTTTABBA performed by Leah and Liz
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ugQtwm
via IFTTTWaiting for the next train and all possibilities.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hLC71h
via IFTTTSan Diego Tourism Cat & Gull, I
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2uro2fm
via IFTTTBun at the Cross.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2wx2YSf
via IFTTTa Watermelon Steven & Connie walk into a steakhouse #stevenuniverse
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2uLwj9r
via IFTTTCall him Zeb.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hPocqU
via IFTTTGracia y paz a vosotros.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2uu5F9E
via IFTTTJuan Diego, Angel.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vMeCeh
via IFTTTOn the train, yesterday. Catching up with lots of stuff today. Here's to figuring out the stuff that's not figured out yet.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vZmQjJ
via IFTTTI think I'm committing to cosplaying Hank McCoy again. But better. #beastcosplay
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fCu4mH
via IFTTTJAC (me)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hVXWLR
via IFTTTFrings and mediocre drawing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vTssvk
via IFTTTWearing a little UVa here at the Charlottesville Vigil.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fHTr6T
via IFTTTJoeSweater was my preferred Quake Arena username.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vEUs4Y
via IFTTTErin's cats treat me like "That's my purse I don't know you!"
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2iaAxq1
via IFTTTErin's cats, last night, skeptical.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vL1XaI
via IFTTTMagenta.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vayKCr
via IFTTTDrawing in diners is my jam.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vaAwn5
via IFTTTPen and talent inadequate to express haircut exquisiteness
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vaW5UL
via IFTTTErin got a key copied the other day and it was a glowy process.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ikUomn
via IFTTTLow-fi eclipse viewer. 10:04am. San Diego.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2vlTur2
via IFTTTMeals with people with cool keychains is the way to go.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ipWIIW
via IFTTTHere to play for @sketchpartysd - no judgement, no rules, butcher paper, drinks and drawing. I may be back.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2xbVg05
via IFTTTfrom last night's #sketchpartysd - the stereotyped "artist" character I've been drawing since high school 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2iFh8O0
via IFTTTYesterday outside the condo. Asche zu Asche. Memento mori.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2erIRAu
via IFTTTEyes and smile are key.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2wuq0tn
via IFTTTBooks/Harvest
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2wvHTYL
via IFTTTFig Tree trio, from this past week.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eylOnI
via IFTTT93 degrees F and trying to help a friend move. Perspiration is 100% perspiration.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eU6Jd2
via IFTTTLiz's cats are great.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2x4VERi
via IFTTTCat & Whale Detective Squad (photo from the flea market yesterday)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2eC8paK
via IFTTTThis cutie has beautiful heterochromatic eyes. Like David Bowie, you know? He got shy when I put my phone up to take a photo though. Sorry Pup.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2f2rTWH
via IFTTTThe Summer is over. Long live Summertime.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2f7g04S
via IFTTTCurrently getting over a cold. Zen Brush 2 comforts me.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2xlOdEE
via IFTTTDavid is fully alive and notices when his shadow looks cool. From this past weekend.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2wwiGeQ
via IFTTTpost ramen sunset near Convoy  
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2xFSljC
via IFTTTLiz MADE these and they are adorable. #always #harrypotter
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yg77L4
via IFTTTYesterday beverages.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2wRF8nU
via IFTTTCool Cats @ LeStats.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2xw46IS
via IFTTTI dont rollerskate but it looks like freedom feels. Drawn with the @procreate 4.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2wkkKY8
via IFTTTLast night at the Stranger Things art show thing.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fBuTcv
via IFTTTI feel like this town might be overplaying its merchandising hand.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2fBiG7m
via IFTTTView this morning.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2wvrwL3
via IFTTTLeahs new favorite song is pretty good. Music is the best.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2xe4uaI
via IFTTTMy Inktober is starting slow. Ill catch up. #inktober #inktober2017
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ynTZ9Q
via IFTTTBroth complete. Seriously.Blade Runner is brutal and ambiguous. This essay on seeing it for the first time: it's right on. This take is more critical than I was for the first 10 years of loving Blade Runner. At some point I could see that a cop tasked with killing a bunch of people is a really strange story to decide to tell.

Blade Runner has been my favorite movie, or at least in my top 5 movies, for 32 years. I've only really understood it in the past decade.

Blade Runner
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2xwoSZG
via IFTTTBeautiful interfaces are inspiring. Also hanging with good friends on their break is awesome.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yf2Xp7
via IFTTTOh yes. Brave Raideen!! @sketchpartysd #inktober #inktober2017 #sketchpartysd Ill catch up yet!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2xvRcM9
via IFTTTBadtz Witch! Probs because Erin likes Badtz Maru #sketchpartysd #inktober #inktober2017
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yiRTr3
via IFTTTEven fuzzy, pretty.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2i8xtv4
via IFTTTPlay hard. Chase birds (if youre 2).
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yKB2P4
via IFTTTNo filter, pool light.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ihpk7D
via IFTTTYes, Pogo likes the water. (From the weekend)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yvkuch
via IFTTTSalon Dog has beautiful do.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2iq3u1x
via IFTTTold town pigeons
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2inscjd
via IFTTTBus #inktober #inktober2017 Even if youre behind, keep trying.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yAWyo2
via IFTTTHaircuts are their own reward.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2zCdA3z
via IFTTTSpoiler alert: I didnt do it.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2h7rtPD
via IFTTTThat ol moon.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yMqsUL
via IFTTTContinuing education. #ux #sandiego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gEc2hp
via IFTTTSTAY FRESH / MOUTH WASH / STAY CLEAN / FRESH BREATH / CUPS / FRESH IDEAS  (from last night)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2zeNfvN
via IFTTTTODAY IS YOUR DAY
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yR4T81
via IFTTTMOTEL Parry LODGE
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2icEaIH
via IFTTTSun-N-Sand MOTEL
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lloszM
via IFTTTNeon McDonalds, 7 AM.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hiLuCV
via IFTTTWent for a walk this morning and met the Sinclair dinosaur.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yVlbKJ
via IFTTTEveryone was on their phones waiting for tots.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2iGgHDJ
via IFTTTNonplussed during the family photo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2gKjiIx
via IFTTTDropping down westbound toward Las Vegas always reminds me of Obi-Wan describing Mos Eisley: You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2zPPthk
via IFTTTSuited, from this weekend. Vanity sort of.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2Ad1sq4
via IFTTTMaster is the brains and Blaster is the brawn  Who runs Bartertown? (From last weekend)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ha1bQ3
via IFTTTEmily is too fast to capture in a photo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2zgMD61
via IFTTTMy mother-in-law moved into a place with cute folks like this. And other awesome people too.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2j35ayC
via IFTTTEmily. Yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hfipvs
via IFTTTit me * 2
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2yehcb6
via IFTTT Hammerhead.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2AtIlZ3
via IFTTTlas sienes grises
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hjcuBQ
via IFTTTIf youre smart you go to laundry with @missewon who knows the mat with the good chairs.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2icUAla
via IFTTTLate coffee and cookie.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2z0Cg9c
via IFTTTLately.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2zFbWkw
via IFTTTGwen vs TV. #sketchpartysd #sketchparty #corgi
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2igmUD5
via IFTTTSome rando Jedi. #sketchpartysd #jedi #starwars #sandiego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2z7NtVQ
via IFTTTICondor Puppet! (From last week)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2A7zEGU
via IFTTTSo much fun listening to a talk about...death? @creativemornings_sd was awesome. Check out @littledameshop!#cmsandiego
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2hBK71Z
via IFTTTIts a very strange feeling to see my drinky sketchy #sketchpartysd drawings in a gallery show. I liked it. Such an honor to be included among so many wonderful pieces.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2zbwQEH
via IFTTTHey, latergram from the ol Zoo.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2Albitt
via IFTTT#SketchPartySD at La Bodega was fun.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2A1KNYV
via IFTTTToby, Dusty, Chow Bella III, Dewey. Thanksgiving Family Dogs. Happy Thanksgiving Everybody!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2zCKCnZ
via IFTTTToday Fran was honored. Rest in Peace Fran
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2AyI8ai
via IFTTTYesterday. St. Andrews.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ABQpu2
via IFTTTRUDFORDS / EST. 1949
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2Bu6bnb
via IFTTTPACKED HOLIDAY FUN
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2jFd25U
via IFTTTDesert Moon. Earlier tonight. Victorville after helping move.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2kxeECS
via IFTTTThe Varieties of Religious Experience
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2BNEXIg
via IFTTTSculpted portrait in progress on Hollywood Boulevard. Yesterday.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2BkaFAO
via IFTTTWE WERE STRANGERS ONCe TOO 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2AL0x2W
via IFTTTI love this shot of Leah getting her hair-trim.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2AqDpIc
via IFTTTPlaya+Shoes
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ybzZTr
via IFTTTKEEP OFF TORREY
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2kQdjXL
via IFTTTNeon/Pilot/Leah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2B8Tphs
via IFTTTSo okay these are my #2017bestnine according to the idea that best is a measure of the most likes. Excuse me thats horse puckey but you cant automate human curation.

Tower Records on Sunset looking like Tower Records but not actually sellingyou knowsingles and records and tapes and CDs and music magazines is something very very bittersweet to me. But I do like seeing Tower.

Update:

https://twitter.com/TowerRecordsDoc/status/940388261284823040Tower is Tower. For... a minute or two.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2ALiYCs
via IFTTTCoffee: last week. Hammerhead, specifically.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2kZd5Or
via IFTTTYellow Rose is yellow and beautiful.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2AOOGyC
via IFTTTDomed conic sections.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2C5td3Q
via IFTTTtakeoff.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2B0hN29
via IFTTTFlarey tooty fresh and rooty.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2Ar0Ahq
via IFTTTSaving a place.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2AXKccu
via IFTTTChristmastime at Fort Rosecrans. Bittersweet but undeniably beautiful to think of my grandparents Chief Joe Crawford and Jean Crawford who are interred here. So many wonderful memories of holiday times with them.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CYD7pz
via IFTTTLISTEN HERE  (from a few weeks ago)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2z3RBRE
via IFTTTI really should go to Christmas Card Lane every year.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2pannfZ
via IFTTT 
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2zp4iXk
via IFTTTRobot Music Box Anniversary/Christmas gift from Leah. Very intricate assembly. Lots of pieces. 20 solid hours effort. Two major backtracking to correct errors of building. Thank you Leah!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2BG0p28
via IFTTTDana Point Dolphin (a duo headed south the other morning)
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2laJTRK
via IFTTTBoats out there. Dana Point. Clouds.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2BQHEJp
via IFTTTSide streets.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CkDmxq
via IFTTTNON FECIT TALITER OMNI NATIONI
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2Dumh1d
via IFTTTTijuana wax museum has not yet received the memo about Cos, regrettably. Whoopi looks great though!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2BU5Vyi
via IFTTTI like this Carlos Monsivis mural in Tijuana. I had not heard of him and didnt recognize him. Its worthwhile to learn about unfamiliar heroes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2DzT70H
via IFTTTThe imagery of the sacred heart, the suffering heart, the thorns, the flames, has always moved me, primally. I can blame and thank my latent Catholicism. I find it so beautiful. A perfect bittersweetness that represents life so well.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CuSXrV
via IFTTTYesterdays Sunset / Southern Utah
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2EDbJ1d
via IFTTTBodies of water light up the Kansas landscape below like an illuminated manuscript.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CtrJW3
via IFTTTIllinois is covered by snow.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CxnS9I
via IFTTTMcLean House, site of Lees surrender at the end of the Civil War on Palm Sunday, 1865. Thats me and my Pop.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2lOicxw
via IFTTTMoms tennis trophies. She started playing in her 40s and loved it. Never too late to start ANYTHING.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CqKl4S
via IFTTThaircut and sky
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2F3Pz8a
via IFTTTCountryside 11am.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CNYUDC
via IFTTTVirginia is filled with history.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2m2YE8W
via IFTTTI like visiting family and friends. If they have pets, thats a bonus.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qA21cD
via IFTTTFamily conference at the deli
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2EgrFoT
via IFTTTNeko looks great. 6 months old.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2COjunB
via IFTTTFourteen degrees Fahrenheit.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2m5njcV
via IFTTTSumi has no respect for me watching Alec Baldwin.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2F7h80t
via IFTTTBat-Fletcher
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CP6Og5
via IFTTTDaniel: does a T-Rex eat meat? Fletcher; Yes
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CFN4HR
via IFTTTI never really got the hang of hats. 1977.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2mdfstC
via IFTTTProsaic symmetry beautiful nonetheless.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2DiX5Mg
via IFTTTBlue Ridge. Another one of my homes.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2DjGt76
via IFTTTMy sister.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CO30rj
via IFTTTMy grandparents Art & Phyllis Silva. Looking stylish.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qNuJXW
via IFTTTMom. June 1978. Possibly in Hong Kong.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CXVtue
via IFTTTCrawfords, 1968. Before my father went to Vietnam.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2qW9BP2
via IFTTTJim Crawford. My Dad. 64. 64. 68. Hes led an extraordinary life. Hes led a life to be proud of, Im proud of and thankful to him.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2mpCVJi
via IFTTTIn transit.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2AQQ5Dt
via IFTTT[ KNOWLEDGE IS POWER ] Jefferson Building is covered in aphorisms, sayings, tile work, sculpture. Its a temple to knowledge. My favorite aphorism so far is there is no work of genius which has not been in the delight of man. Lots of references to GOD but also ones like this: there is one only good namely knowledge and one only evil namely ignorance.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2CUlZAS
via IFTTTmy sister and my mom  I wish I knew the context for this one  look how happy they are!
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2mvZDPX
via IFTTTMy first (and not my last!) passport photo was a group shot. Me, 7, my sister, under 1, Mom, 30.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2r2HbD3
via IFTTTNew sticker for my iPad! #uxcampdc
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2FApf6d
via IFTTTCats (Neko & Sumi) last night: this is our couch.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2mAFJTQ
via IFTTTNephew Fletcher is not at 100% strength today.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2DhqHNe
via IFTTTDrowsy kitty.
from Instagram http://ift.tt/2DEF2Ac
via IFTTTMom and her Dad.
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BeHEtMQFULZ/
via IFTTTMe, Kelly, and a stuffed shark. Because I loved Jaws and my newborn sister?!
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BeOhspCFUJ7/
via IFTTTCorgi @ maximum speed!

I had no idea a photo of this existed, let alone that Id see it. This rather culturally insensitive costume of a Hare Krishna I did one Halloween and wore to high school. Note the orange linen fabric I had to buy (and which now is part of a blanket Leah made if I remember right). Note the bald cap (purchased) and the long braid of hair (borrowed from my Aunt Jacqui who had it removed prior to surgery when she had a terrible surfing accident several years before, that Sister Golden Hair Surprise hair was BEAUTIFUL). Im rather proud of the costume though I think the bald cap is a weak link. I wouldnt shave my head for another 30 years (when I was Kingpin for Comic-Con). I probably wont shave my head for a costume again though Ive learned never to say never. Hooray family albums! They allow us to revisit memories wed otherwise forget.My Hare Krishna Costume. High School 198x.

The shuttle bus from Concourse C is filmed over with layers of salt and ice. The salt and ice remind me how cold it is, how cold it always is, how cold it will remain. My Mr. Rogers cardigan is slim protection from the frostbite Id endure were I to be caught outside for longer than it takes for a shuttle bus to leave and arrive.

Chicago's weather terrifies me.Chicago Airport Moment
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BeQgLs4FSAc/
via IFTTTLast week Fletcher was pretty sick, though he still had energy enough to ride his scooter!
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BeTTV-XF9sG/
via IFTTTLast week Sumi was very ready to help with laundry.
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BeUVzs_FTvG/
via IFTTTUrsula K. Le Guin  1929-2018 Display by Erin and Buffy.In 2016 for Halloween I created a unique costume for work - I went as the Slacker Mobile App! It was pretty fun. Here's the template I made to print large:



Here's the PDF of that

I mounted the printed images onto a Tri-Fold Corrugate Display Board - I think it was 36in. x 48in, in black. It turned out pretty great!





Prince / Slacker App Costume____________________________ may be defined as a form of political behavior marked by obsessive preoccupation with community decline, humiliation, or victimhood and by compensatory cults of unity, energy, and purity, in which a mass-based party of committed nationalist militants, working in uneasy but effective collaboration with traditional elites, abandons democratic liberties and pursues with redemptive violence and without ethical or legal restraints goals of internal cleansing and external expansion.Fill in the blank.
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BedcjaHFx14/
via IFTTTNeko & Me earlier in the month.So there's this open letter right now on ampletter.org regarding Google AMP. AMP is well intentioned but a terrible solution to the problem of page bloat on the web and optimizing pages for mobile. I've been tweeting about this for a long time, but have somehow not blogged about it. Well, I'm signing onto the open letter because I feel AMP is harmful.

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/798909615169638401

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/806560159044509696

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/808418614357344256

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/809590701046403072

https://twitter.com/artlung/status/839247701980012545
Google AMP Considered Harmful

Original Source @ California Digital Newspaper CollectionYaquis - The Most Stubborn Fighters On Earth; January 1908Back in 2016 I attended a terrific session of the San Diego Code Kitchen at FAB LAB San Diego. It was really a lot of fun and in a few hours I was able to create an inscrutable twitter bot - @ventcheck. It was fun!

I didn't write about it here because... well... who blogged in 2016? Well, nobody blogs in 2018 either but here we are.

How'd I do it?

I used cheapbotsdonequick.com, which was what was recommended by the Code Kitchen folks. They set up a GitHub project: Twitterbots! the participants followed along with. The language used on cheapbotsdonequick is called Tracery which is a cute as heck little language.

You can view the source code of the bot at https://cheapbotsdonequick.com/source/ventcheck which gives you a sense of just how dumb, and how smart the bot is. I've had it running for several years every morning. And every morning at about 5am. I think mostly people's reactions are... "wha?" ... and "huh?" -- I always have enjoyed them and their random dadaist silliness but it's time to ratchet downward a bit. I just set it up to run monthly instead. Maybe I'll do something different with the bot since it's run for so long and not gone amazingly viral. Heh.

Here's the source code for the bot as of now:
{
&quot;adjectives&quot; : [&quot;aback&quot;, &quot;abaft&quot;, &quot;abandoned&quot;, &quot;abashed&quot;, &quot;aberrant&quot;,
&quot;abhorrent&quot;, &quot;abiding&quot;, &quot;abject&quot;, &quot;ablaze&quot;, &quot;abnormal&quot;, &quot;aboard&quot;,
&quot;aboriginal&quot;, &quot;abortive&quot;, &quot;abounding&quot;, &quot;abrasive&quot;, &quot;abrupt&quot;,
&quot;absent&quot;, &quot;absorbed&quot;, &quot;absorbing&quot;, &quot;abstracted&quot;, &quot;absurd&quot;,
&quot;abusive&quot;, &quot;acceptable&quot;, &quot;accessible&quot;, &quot;accidental&quot;, &quot;accurate&quot;,
&quot;acoustic&quot;, &quot;acrid&quot;, &quot;actually&quot;, &quot;ad&quot;, &quot;hoc&quot;, &quot;adamant&quot;,
&quot;adaptable&quot;, &quot;addicted&quot;, &quot;adhesive&quot;, &quot;adjoining&quot;, &quot;adorable&quot;,
&quot;afraid&quot;, &quot;agonizing&quot;, &quot;ahead&quot;, &quot;alcoholic&quot;, &quot;alert&quot;, &quot;alike&quot;,
&quot;alive&quot;, &quot;alleged&quot;, &quot;alluring&quot;, &quot;aloof&quot;, &quot;ambiguous&quot;,
&quot;ambitious&quot;, &quot;amuck&quot;, &quot;ancient&quot;, &quot;animated&quot;, &quot;apathetic&quot;,
&quot;aquatic&quot;, &quot;aromatic&quot;, &quot;aspiring&quot;, &quot;assorted&quot;, &quot;astonishing&quot;,
&quot;auspicious&quot;, &quot;available&quot;, &quot;average&quot;, &quot;aware&quot;, &quot;axiomatic&quot;,
&quot;bad&quot;, &quot;barbarous&quot;, &quot;bashful&quot;, &quot;bawdy&quot;, &quot;beautiful&quot;, &quot;befitting&quot;,
&quot;belligerent&quot;, &quot;berserk&quot;, &quot;better&quot;, &quot;big&quot;, &quot;billowy&quot;, &quot;bizarre&quot;,
&quot;black&quot;, &quot;boiling&quot;, &quot;boorish&quot;, &quot;boring&quot;, &quot;boundless&quot;, &quot;brash&quot;,
&quot;brawny&quot;, &quot;breezy&quot;, &quot;brief&quot;, &quot;bright&quot;, &quot;broad&quot;, &quot;broken&quot;,
&quot;bumpy&quot;, &quot;burly&quot;, &quot;cagey&quot;, &quot;callous&quot;, &quot;capable&quot;, &quot;capricious&quot;,
&quot;ceaseless&quot;, &quot;changeable&quot;, &quot;cheerful&quot;, &quot;childlike&quot;, &quot;chilly&quot;,
&quot;chivalrous&quot;, &quot;chubby&quot;, &quot;chunky&quot;, &quot;clammy&quot;, &quot;classy&quot;,
&quot;cloistered&quot;, &quot;cloudy&quot;, &quot;clumsy&quot;, &quot;coherent&quot;, &quot;cold&quot;, &quot;colossal&quot;,
&quot;combative&quot;, &quot;comfortable&quot;, &quot;cooing&quot;, &quot;cool&quot;, &quot;cooperative&quot;,
&quot;courageous&quot;, &quot;cowardly&quot;, &quot;crabby&quot;, &quot;craven&quot;, &quot;crazy&quot;,
&quot;credible&quot;, &quot;creepy&quot;, &quot;crooked&quot;, &quot;cuddly&quot;, &quot;cultured&quot;, &quot;curly&quot;,
&quot;curved&quot;, &quot;cynical&quot;, &quot;daffy&quot;, &quot;daily&quot;, &quot;damaged&quot;, &quot;damaging&quot;,
&quot;damp&quot;, &quot;dapper&quot;, &quot;dashing&quot;, &quot;dazzling&quot;, &quot;deadpan&quot;, &quot;debonair&quot;,
&quot;decisive&quot;, &quot;decorous&quot;, &quot;deep&quot;, &quot;deeply&quot;, &quot;defective&quot;,
&quot;delightful&quot;, &quot;demonic&quot;, &quot;deranged&quot;, &quot;deserted&quot;, &quot;detailed&quot;,
&quot;determined&quot;, &quot;devilish&quot;, &quot;didactic&quot;, &quot;diligent&quot;, &quot;direful&quot;,
&quot;dirty&quot;, &quot;disagreeable&quot;, &quot;discreet&quot;, &quot;disillusioned&quot;,
&quot;dispensable&quot;, &quot;divergent&quot;, &quot;dizzy&quot;, &quot;domineering&quot;, &quot;draconian&quot;,
&quot;dramatic&quot;, &quot;drunk&quot;, &quot;dry&quot;, &quot;dull&quot;, &quot;dusty&quot;, &quot;dynamic&quot;,
&quot;dysfunctional&quot;, &quot;eager&quot;, &quot;early&quot;, &quot;earsplitting&quot;, &quot;earthy&quot;,
&quot;eatable&quot;, &quot;economic&quot;, &quot;educated&quot;, &quot;efficacious&quot;, &quot;efficient&quot;,
&quot;elated&quot;, &quot;elderly&quot;, &quot;elfin&quot;, &quot;elite&quot;, &quot;eminent&quot;, &quot;empty&quot;,
&quot;enchanting&quot;, &quot;encouraging&quot;, &quot;endurable&quot;, &quot;energetic&quot;,
&quot;entertaining&quot;, &quot;enthusiastic&quot;, &quot;equable&quot;, &quot;erect&quot;, &quot;erratic&quot;,
&quot;ethereal&quot;, &quot;evanescent&quot;, &quot;evasive&quot;, &quot;evil&quot;, &quot;excellent&quot;,
&quot;excited&quot;, &quot;exclusive&quot;, &quot;exotic&quot;, &quot;expensive&quot;, &quot;exuberant&quot;,
&quot;exultant&quot;, &quot;fabulous&quot;, &quot;faded&quot;, &quot;fallacious&quot;, &quot;fanatical&quot;,
&quot;fancy&quot;, &quot;fantastic&quot;, &quot;fascinated&quot;, &quot;fast&quot;, &quot;fat&quot;, &quot;faulty&quot;,
&quot;fearless&quot;, &quot;feigned&quot;, &quot;fertile&quot;, &quot;festive&quot;, &quot;filthy&quot;, &quot;finicky&quot;,
&quot;flagrant&quot;, &quot;flashy&quot;, &quot;flawless&quot;, &quot;flippant&quot;, &quot;flowery&quot;, &quot;foamy&quot;,
&quot;foregoing&quot;, &quot;forgetful&quot;, &quot;fortunate&quot;, &quot;frail&quot;, &quot;fretful&quot;,
&quot;friendly&quot;, &quot;functional&quot;, &quot;funny&quot;, &quot;furtive&quot;, &quot;futuristic&quot;,
&quot;gabby&quot;, &quot;gainful&quot;, &quot;gamy&quot;, &quot;gaping&quot;, &quot;garrulous&quot;, &quot;gaudy&quot;,
&quot;gentle&quot;, &quot;giant&quot;, &quot;giddy&quot;, &quot;gigantic&quot;, &quot;glamorous&quot;, &quot;gleaming&quot;,
&quot;glib&quot;, &quot;glorious&quot;, &quot;glossy&quot;, &quot;godly&quot;, &quot;good&quot;, &quot;goofy&quot;,
&quot;gorgeous&quot;, &quot;graceful&quot;, &quot;grandiose&quot;, &quot;gratis&quot;, &quot;great&quot;, &quot;greedy&quot;,
&quot;green&quot;, &quot;groovy&quot;, &quot;grotesque&quot;, &quot;grouchy&quot;, &quot;gruesome&quot;, &quot;grumpy&quot;,
&quot;guarded&quot;, &quot;guiltless&quot;, &quot;gullible&quot;, &quot;gusty&quot;, &quot;guttural&quot;,
&quot;habitual&quot;, &quot;half&quot;, &quot;hallowed&quot;, &quot;halting&quot;, &quot;handsome&quot;,
&quot;handsomely&quot;, &quot;hapless&quot;, &quot;happy&quot;, &quot;harmonious&quot;, &quot;heady&quot;,
&quot;healthy&quot;, &quot;heartbreaking&quot;, &quot;heavenly&quot;, &quot;heavy&quot;, &quot;hellish&quot;,
&quot;helpful&quot;, &quot;hesitant&quot;, &quot;high&quot;, &quot;highfalutin&quot;, &quot;hilarious&quot;,
&quot;historical&quot;, &quot;holistic&quot;, &quot;hollow&quot;, &quot;honorable&quot;, &quot;horrible&quot;,
&quot;hospitable&quot;, &quot;huge&quot;, &quot;hulking&quot;, &quot;humdrum&quot;, &quot;humorous&quot;, &quot;hungry&quot;,
&quot;hurried&quot;, &quot;hurt&quot;, &quot;hypnotic&quot;, &quot;hysterical&quot;, &quot;icky&quot;, &quot;idiotic&quot;,
&quot;ignorant&quot;, &quot;illegal&quot;, &quot;illustrious&quot;, &quot;imaginary&quot;, &quot;immense&quot;,
&quot;imminent&quot;, &quot;impartial&quot;, &quot;imperfect&quot;, &quot;imported&quot;, &quot;incandescent&quot;,
&quot;incompetent&quot;, &quot;inconclusive&quot;, &quot;industrious&quot;, &quot;innate&quot;,
&quot;instinctive&quot;, &quot;internal&quot;, &quot;invincible&quot;, &quot;irate&quot;, &quot;itchy&quot;,
&quot;jaded&quot;, &quot;jagged&quot;, &quot;jazzy&quot;, &quot;jealous&quot;, &quot;jittery&quot;, &quot;jobless&quot;,
&quot;jolly&quot;, &quot;joyous&quot;, &quot;judicious&quot;, &quot;jumbled&quot;, &quot;jumpy&quot;, &quot;juvenile&quot;,
&quot;kaput&quot;, &quot;kind&quot;, &quot;kindhearted&quot;, &quot;knotty&quot;, &quot;knowing&quot;,
&quot;knowledgeable&quot;, &quot;known&quot;, &quot;labored&quot;, &quot;lackadaisical&quot;, &quot;lacking&quot;,
&quot;lamentable&quot;, &quot;languid&quot;, &quot;large&quot;, &quot;late&quot;, &quot;laughable&quot;, &quot;lavish&quot;,
&quot;lazy&quot;, &quot;lean&quot;, &quot;learned&quot;, &quot;legal&quot;, &quot;lethal&quot;, &quot;level&quot;, &quot;lewd&quot;,
&quot;light&quot;, &quot;likeable&quot;, &quot;literate&quot;, &quot;little&quot;, &quot;lively&quot;, &quot;long&quot;,
&quot;longing&quot;, &quot;lopsided&quot;, &quot;loutish&quot;, &quot;lovely&quot;, &quot;loving&quot;, &quot;low&quot;,
&quot;lowly&quot;, &quot;lucky&quot;, &quot;ludicrous&quot;, &quot;lush&quot;, &quot;luxuriant&quot;, &quot;lying&quot;,
&quot;lyrical&quot;, &quot;macabre&quot;, &quot;macho&quot;, &quot;maddening&quot;, &quot;madly&quot;, &quot;magenta&quot;,
&quot;magical&quot;, &quot;magnificent&quot;, &quot;majestic&quot;, &quot;makeshift&quot;, &quot;malicious&quot;,
&quot;mammoth&quot;, &quot;maniacal&quot;, &quot;many&quot;, &quot;marked&quot;, &quot;massive&quot;,
&quot;materialistic&quot;, &quot;mature&quot;, &quot;measly&quot;, &quot;meek&quot;, &quot;melodic&quot;,
&quot;merciful&quot;, &quot;mere&quot;, &quot;mighty&quot;, &quot;mindless&quot;, &quot;miniature&quot;, &quot;minor&quot;,
&quot;miscreant&quot;, &quot;moaning&quot;, &quot;modern&quot;, &quot;moldy&quot;, &quot;momentous&quot;,
&quot;muddled&quot;, &quot;mundane&quot;, &quot;murky&quot;, &quot;mushy&quot;, &quot;mysterious&quot;, &quot;naive&quot;,
&quot;nappy&quot;, &quot;narrow&quot;, &quot;nasty&quot;, &quot;nauseating&quot;, &quot;nebulous&quot;, &quot;needless&quot;,
&quot;needy&quot;, &quot;neighborly&quot;, &quot;nervous&quot;, &quot;new&quot;, &quot;nice&quot;, &quot;nifty&quot;,
&quot;noiseless&quot;, &quot;noisy&quot;, &quot;nonchalant&quot;, &quot;nondescript&quot;, &quot;nonstop&quot;,
&quot;nostalgic&quot;, &quot;nosy&quot;, &quot;noxious&quot;, &quot;null&quot;, &quot;numberless&quot;, &quot;numerous&quot;,
&quot;nutritious&quot;, &quot;oafish&quot;, &quot;obedient&quot;, &quot;obeisant&quot;, &quot;obscene&quot;,
&quot;obsequious&quot;, &quot;observant&quot;, &quot;obsolete&quot;, &quot;obtainable&quot;, &quot;oceanic&quot;,
&quot;odd&quot;, &quot;offbeat&quot;, &quot;old&quot;, &quot;omniscient&quot;, &quot;onerous&quot;, &quot;optimal&quot;,
&quot;orange&quot;, &quot;ordinary&quot;, &quot;organic&quot;, &quot;ossified&quot;, &quot;oval&quot;,
&quot;overconfident&quot;, &quot;overjoyed&quot;, &quot;overrated&quot;, &quot;overt&quot;,
&quot;overwrought&quot;, &quot;painful&quot;, &quot;painstaking&quot;, &quot;panoramic&quot;, &quot;parched&quot;,
&quot;parsimonious&quot;, &quot;pastoral&quot;, &quot;pathetic&quot;, &quot;peaceful&quot;, &quot;penitent&quot;,
&quot;perfect&quot;, &quot;periodic&quot;, &quot;permissible&quot;, &quot;perpetual&quot;, &quot;petite&quot;,
&quot;phobic&quot;, &quot;picayune&quot;, &quot;piquant&quot;, &quot;placid&quot;, &quot;plant&quot;, &quot;plant&quot;,
&quot;plausible&quot;, &quot;pleasant&quot;, &quot;plucky&quot;, &quot;pointless&quot;, &quot;political&quot;,
&quot;possessive&quot;, &quot;precious&quot;, &quot;premium&quot;, &quot;pretty&quot;, &quot;prickly&quot;,
&quot;productive&quot;, &quot;profuse&quot;, &quot;protective&quot;, &quot;proud&quot;, &quot;psychedelic&quot;,
&quot;psychotic&quot;, &quot;puffy&quot;, &quot;pumped&quot;, &quot;puny&quot;, &quot;purple&quot;, &quot;quack&quot;,
&quot;quaint&quot;, &quot;quarrelsome&quot;, &quot;questionable&quot;, &quot;quick&quot;, &quot;quickest&quot;,
&quot;quiet&quot;, &quot;quixotic&quot;, &quot;quizzical&quot;, &quot;rabid&quot;, &quot;racial&quot;, &quot;ragged&quot;,
&quot;rainy&quot;, &quot;rambunctious&quot;, &quot;rampant&quot;, &quot;rare&quot;, &quot;raspy&quot;, &quot;ratty&quot;,
&quot;rebel&quot;, &quot;receptive&quot;, &quot;recondite&quot;, &quot;red&quot;, &quot;redundant&quot;,
&quot;reflective&quot;, &quot;relieved&quot;, &quot;reminiscent&quot;, &quot;resolute&quot;, &quot;resonant&quot;,
&quot;rhetorical&quot;, &quot;righteous&quot;, &quot;rightful&quot;, &quot;ritzy&quot;, &quot;roasted&quot;,
&quot;robust&quot;, &quot;romantic&quot;, &quot;roomy&quot;, &quot;round&quot;, &quot;royal&quot;, &quot;ruddy&quot;,
&quot;rural&quot;, &quot;rustic&quot;, &quot;ruthless&quot;, &quot;sable&quot;, &quot;sad&quot;, &quot;sassy&quot;,
&quot;satisfying&quot;, &quot;savoy&quot;, &quot;scandalous&quot;, &quot;scarce&quot;, &quot;scary&quot;,
&quot;scientific&quot;, &quot;scintillating&quot;, &quot;scrawny&quot;, &quot;secretive&quot;, &quot;sedate&quot;,
&quot;seemly&quot;, &quot;selective&quot;, &quot;shallow&quot;, &quot;shocking&quot;, &quot;short&quot;, &quot;shrill&quot;,
&quot;silly&quot;, &quot;sincere&quot;, &quot;skillful&quot;, &quot;skinny&quot;, &quot;sloppy&quot;, &quot;slow&quot;,
&quot;small&quot;, &quot;smelly&quot;, &quot;sneaky&quot;, &quot;snobbish&quot;, &quot;snotty&quot;, &quot;soggy&quot;,
&quot;somber&quot;, &quot;sordid&quot;, &quot;spectacular&quot;, &quot;spicy&quot;, &quot;spiffy&quot;,
&quot;spiritual&quot;, &quot;splendid&quot;, &quot;spooky&quot;, &quot;spurious&quot;, &quot;squalid&quot;,
&quot;square&quot;, &quot;squeamish&quot;, &quot;staking&quot;, &quot;standing&quot;, &quot;statuesque&quot;,
&quot;steadfast&quot;, &quot;stereotyped&quot;, &quot;stimulating&quot;, &quot;stingy&quot;, &quot;strange&quot;,
&quot;subdued&quot;, &quot;subsequent&quot;, &quot;successful&quot;, &quot;succinct&quot;, &quot;sulky&quot;,
&quot;supreme&quot;, &quot;swanky&quot;, &quot;sweltering&quot;, &quot;symptomatic&quot;, &quot;synonymous&quot;,
&quot;taboo&quot;, &quot;tacit&quot;, &quot;tacky&quot;, &quot;talented&quot;, &quot;tall&quot;, &quot;tame&quot;, &quot;tan&quot;,
&quot;tangible&quot;, &quot;tangy&quot;, &quot;tart&quot;, &quot;tasteful&quot;, &quot;tawdry&quot;, &quot;tearful&quot;,
&quot;telling&quot;, &quot;temporary&quot;, &quot;tender&quot;, &quot;tenuous&quot;, &quot;tested&quot;, &quot;testy&quot;,
&quot;therapeutic&quot;, &quot;thinkable&quot;, &quot;threatening&quot;, &quot;tight&quot;,
&quot;tightfisted&quot;, &quot;tiny&quot;, &quot;tiresome&quot;, &quot;toothsome&quot;, &quot;torpid&quot;,
&quot;tough&quot;, &quot;towering&quot;, &quot;tranquil&quot;, &quot;trashy&quot;, &quot;tricky&quot;, &quot;trite&quot;,
&quot;truculent&quot;, &quot;typical&quot;, &quot;ubiquitous&quot;, &quot;ugliest&quot;, &quot;ugly&quot;, &quot;ultra&quot;,
&quot;unable&quot;, &quot;unaccountable&quot;, &quot;unadvised&quot;, &quot;unarmed&quot;, &quot;unbecoming&quot;,
&quot;unbiased&quot;, &quot;uncovered&quot;, &quot;understood&quot;, &quot;undesirable&quot;,
&quot;unequaled&quot;, &quot;uneven&quot;, &quot;unsightly&quot;, &quot;unsuitable&quot;, &quot;unusual&quot;,
&quot;upbeat&quot;, &quot;uppity&quot;, &quot;upset&quot;, &quot;uptight&quot;, &quot;used&quot;, &quot;utopian&quot;,
&quot;utter&quot;, &quot;uttermost&quot;, &quot;vacuous&quot;, &quot;vagabond&quot;, &quot;vague&quot;, &quot;various&quot;,
&quot;vast&quot;, &quot;vengeful&quot;, &quot;venomous&quot;, &quot;verdant&quot;, &quot;versed&quot;,
&quot;victorious&quot;, &quot;vigorous&quot;, &quot;vivacious&quot;, &quot;voiceless&quot;, &quot;volatile&quot;,
&quot;voracious&quot;, &quot;vulgar&quot;, &quot;wacky&quot;, &quot;waggish&quot;, &quot;wakeful&quot;, &quot;wanting&quot;,
&quot;warlike&quot;, &quot;warm&quot;, &quot;wary&quot;, &quot;wasteful&quot;, &quot;wasteful&quot;, &quot;watchful&quot;,
&quot;watery&quot;, &quot;weak&quot;, &quot;wealthy&quot;, &quot;weary&quot;, &quot;wee&quot;, &quot;wet&quot;, &quot;whimsical&quot;,
&quot;whispering&quot;, &quot;wholesale&quot;, &quot;wicked&quot;, &quot;wide&quot;, &quot;willing&quot;, &quot;wiry&quot;,
&quot;wise&quot;, &quot;wistful&quot;, &quot;woebegone&quot;, &quot;womanly&quot;, &quot;wonderful&quot;, &quot;wooden&quot;,
&quot;woozy&quot;, &quot;workable&quot;, &quot;worried&quot;, &quot;worthless&quot;, &quot;wrathful&quot;,
&quot;wretched&quot;, &quot;wry&quot;, &quot;x-rated&quot;, &quot;yellow&quot;, &quot;yielding&quot;, &quot;young&quot;,
&quot;youthful&quot;, &quot;yummy&quot;, &quot;zany&quot;, &quot;zealous&quot;, &quot;zippy&quot;, &quot;zonked&quot;],
&quot;nouns&quot;: [&quot;times&quot;, &quot;persons&quot;, &quot;years&quot;, &quot;ways&quot;, &quot;days&quot;, &quot;things&quot;,
&quot;men&quot;, &quot;worlds&quot;, &quot;lives&quot;, &quot;hands&quot;, &quot;parts&quot;, &quot;children&quot;, &quot;eyes&quot;,
&quot;women&quot;, &quot;places&quot;, &quot;works&quot;, &quot;weeks&quot;, &quot;cases&quot;, &quot;points&quot;,
&quot;governments&quot;, &quot;companies&quot;, &quot;numbers&quot;, &quot;groups&quot;, &quot;problems&quot;,
&quot;facts&quot;],
&quot;setPronouns&quot;:
[&quot;[heroThey:they][heroThem:them][heroTheir:their][heroTheirs:
theirs]&quot;,
&quot;[heroThey:she][heroThem:her][heroTheir:her][heroTheirs:hers]&quot;,
&quot;[heroThey:he][heroThem:him][heroTheir:his][heroTheirs:his]&quot;],
&quot;verbs&quot;: [&quot;have a fight with&quot;, &quot;do craft beer with&quot;, &quot;eat some tasty
tacos alongside&quot;, &quot;sleep soundly in the same bed as&quot;, &quot;drink
craft beer with&quot;, &quot;put out guacamole for&quot;, &quot;keep out&quot;, &quot;run along
the water and ignorning&quot;, &quot;walk dolefully&quot;, &quot;say the niceset
things&quot;, &quot;get excited about the Chargers leaving with&quot;, &quot;make bad
craft beer with&quot;, &quot;go to the brewery with&quot;, &quot;tell about
@sdbloodbank to&quot;, &quot;take off their swimsuits in front of&quot;, &quot;see
@SanDiegoChicken with&quot;, &quot;come to the airport with&quot;, &quot;think bad
thoughts with&quot;, &quot;look alive with&quot;, &quot;want to chill with&quot;, &quot;give a
hard time to&quot;, &quot;use magic potions playing D&amp;D with&quot;, &quot;find a
twenty with&quot;, &quot;work out with&quot;, &quot;feel good with&quot;, &quot;try out
@PhilsBBQSD with&quot;, &quot;leave&quot;, &quot;call b.s. on&quot;],
&quot;collectives&quot;: [&quot;a badling of ducks&quot;, &quot;a bale of turtles&quot;, &quot;a band of
jays&quot;, &quot;a bank of monitors&quot;, &quot;a bank of swans&quot;, &quot;a bask of
crocodiles&quot;, &quot;a bazaar of guillemots&quot;, &quot;a bed of clams&quot;, &quot;a bed
of oysters&quot;, &quot;a bed of snakes&quot;, &quot;a bellowing of bullfinches&quot;, &quot;a
bevy of larks&quot;, &quot;a bevy of quail&quot;, &quot;a bevy of swans&quot;, &quot;a bevy of
turtles&quot;, &quot;a bind of salmon&quot;, &quot;a blaze of dragons&quot;, &quot;a bouquet of
flowers&quot;, &quot;a bouquet of pheasants&quot;, &quot;a brood of hens&quot;, &quot;a
building of rooks&quot;, &quot;a bunch of grapes&quot;, &quot;a cast of falcons&quot;, &quot;a
cast of hawks&quot;, &quot;a charm of finches&quot;, &quot;a charm of goldfinches&quot;,
&quot;a charm of hummingbirds&quot;, &quot;a chirm of goldfinches&quot;, &quot;a clamour
of rooks&quot;, &quot;a clattering of choughs&quot;, &quot;a clattering of jackdaws&quot;,
&quot;a cloud of gnats&quot;, &quot;a cloud of grasshoppers&quot;, &quot;a cloud of sea
fowl&quot;, &quot;a cluster of grapes&quot;, &quot;a cluster of spiders&quot;, &quot;a clutch
of chicks&quot;, &quot;a coil of wigeon&quot;, &quot;a colony of ants&quot;, &quot;a colony of
frogs&quot;, &quot;a colony of gulls&quot;, &quot;a colony of penguins&quot;, &quot;a company
of parrots&quot;, &quot;a congregation of alligators&quot;, &quot;a congregation of
crocodiles&quot;, &quot;a congregation of plovers&quot;, &quot;a congress of eagles&quot;,
&quot;a conventicle of magpies&quot;, &quot;a convocation of eagles&quot;, &quot;a copse
of trees&quot;, &quot;a covert of coots&quot;, &quot;a covey of birds&quot;, &quot;a covey of
grouse&quot;, &quot;a covey of partridges&quot;, &quot;a covey of pheasants&quot;, &quot;a
covey of ptarmigans&quot;, &quot;a covey of quail&quot;, &quot;a creche of penguins&quot;,
&quot;a creep of tortoises&quot;, &quot;a culture of bacteria&quot;, &quot;a den of
snakes&quot;, &quot;a den of vipers&quot;, &quot;a descent of woodpeckers&quot;, &quot;a desert
of lapwings&quot;, &quot;a dissimulation of birds&quot;, &quot;a diving of teal&quot;, &quot;a
doading of sheldrakes&quot;, &quot;a dole of doves&quot;, &quot;a dopping of ducks&quot;,
&quot;a dose of crabs&quot;, &quot;a drum of goldfinches&quot;, &quot;a dule of turtles&quot;,
&quot;a fall of woodcocks&quot;, &quot;a fever of stingrays&quot;, &quot;a flamboyance of
flamingoes&quot;, &quot;a fleet of mudhen&quot;, &quot;a flight of butterflies&quot;, &quot;a
flight of cormorants&quot;, &quot;a flight of doves&quot;, &quot;a flight of
dragons&quot;, &quot;a flight of goshawks&quot;, &quot;a flight of swallows&quot;, &quot;a
fling of dunlins&quot;, &quot;a fling of sandpipers&quot;, &quot;a float of
crocodiles&quot;, &quot;a flock of birds&quot;, &quot;a flock of geese&quot;, &quot;a flock of
seagulls&quot;, &quot;a flush of ducks&quot;, &quot;a fluther of jellyfish&quot;, &quot;a
flutter of butterflies&quot;, &quot;a fry of eel&quot;, &quot;a gaggle of geese&quot;, &quot;a
gaggle of swans&quot;, &quot;a gargle of swans&quot;, &quot;a glean of herrings&quot;, &quot;a
grind of blackfish&quot;, &quot;a grove of trees&quot;, &quot;a hand of bananas&quot;, &quot;a
herd of cranes&quot;, &quot;a herd of curlews&quot;, &quot;a herd of swans&quot;, &quot;a herd
of wrens&quot;, &quot;a hill of ruffs&quot;, &quot;a hive of bees&quot;, &quot;a horde of
crows&quot;, &quot;a host of sparrows&quot;, &quot;a hover of crows&quot;, &quot;a hover of
trouts&quot;, &quot;a huddle of penguins&quot;, &quot;a kettle of hawks&quot;, &quot;a kit of
pigeons&quot;, &quot;a knob of toads&quot;, &quot;a knob of waterfowl&quot;, &quot;a knot of
frogs&quot;, &quot;a knot of toads&quot;, &quot;a knot of worms&quot;, &quot;a lap of cod&quot;, &quot;a
lease of tame hawks&quot;, &quot;a lek of grouse&quot;, &quot;a loft of pigeons&quot;, &quot;a
loveliness of ladybirds&quot;, &quot;a lump of toads&quot;, &quot;a mess of iguanas&quot;,
&quot;a mews of capons&quot;, &quot;a mite of mites&quot;, &quot;a mob of crows&quot;, &quot;a
murder of crows&quot;, &quot;a murmuration of starlings&quot;, &quot;a muster of
crows&quot;, &quot;a muster of peacocks&quot;, &quot;a muster of storks&quot;, &quot;a mutation
of thrushes&quot;, &quot;a nest of crocodiles&quot;, &quot;a nest of snakes&quot;, &quot;a nest
of toads&quot;, &quot;a nest of turtles&quot;, &quot;a nest of vipers&quot;, &quot;a nide of
geese&quot;, &quot;a nide of pheasants&quot;, &quot;a nye of pheasants&quot;, &quot;a pack of
galahs&quot;, &quot;a pack of grouse&quot;, &quot;a paddling of ducks&quot;, &quot;a
pandemonium of parrots&quot;, &quot;a parcel of crows&quot;, &quot;a parcel of
penguins&quot;, &quot;a parliament of crows&quot;, &quot;a parliament of owls&quot;, &quot;a
parliament of rooks&quot;, &quot;a party of jays&quot;, &quot;a patch of flowers&quot;, &quot;a
peep of chickens&quot;, &quot;a phalanx of storks&quot;, &quot;a pile of leaves&quot;, &quot;a
pit of snakes&quot;, &quot;a piteousness of doves&quot;, &quot;a pitying of doves&quot;,
&quot;a pitying of turtledoves&quot;, &quot;a plague of locusts&quot;, &quot;a plague of
pigeons&quot;, &quot;a plump of ducks&quot;, &quot;a plump of geese&quot;, &quot;a plump of
waterfowl&quot;, &quot;a pod of whales&quot;, &quot;a prattle of parrots&quot;, &quot;a pride
of peacocks&quot;, &quot;a quarrel of sparrows&quot;, &quot;a quiver of cobras&quot;, &quot;a
raffle of turkeys&quot;, &quot;a raft of auks&quot;, &quot;a raft of coots&quot;, &quot;a raft
of ducks&quot;, &quot;a rafter of turkeys&quot;, &quot;a rainbow of butterflies&quot;, &quot;a
rasp of guinea fowl&quot;, &quot;a rhumba of rattlesnakes&quot;, &quot;a richness of
martins&quot;, &quot;a risk of lobsters&quot;, &quot;a rout of snail&quot;, &quot;a school of
fish&quot;, &quot;a scold of jays&quot;, &quot;a scourge of mosquitoes&quot;, &quot;a screech
of gulls&quot;, &quot;a shiver of sharks&quot;, &quot;a shoal of bass&quot;, &quot;a siege of
bitterns&quot;, &quot;a siege of herons&quot;, &quot;a skein of geese&quot;, &quot;a slither of
snakes&quot;, &quot;a smack of jellyfish&quot;, &quot;a sord of ducks&quot;, &quot;a sord of
mallards&quot;, &quot;a spring of teal&quot;, &quot;a stand of flamingoes&quot;, &quot;a stand
of trees&quot;, &quot;a stare of owls&quot;, &quot;a sute of mallards&quot;, &quot;a swarm of
ants&quot;, &quot;a swarm of bees&quot;, &quot;a swarm of eel&quot;, &quot;a swarm of flies&quot;,
&quot;a taint of tilapia&quot;, &quot;a team of ducks&quot;, &quot;a thicket of trees&quot;, &quot;a
tidings of magpies&quot;, &quot;a train of jackdaws&quot;, &quot;a trembing of
finches&quot;, &quot;a trimming of finches&quot;, &quot;a trip of dotterel&quot;, &quot;a
troubling of goldfinches&quot;, &quot;a troubling of goldfish&quot;, &quot;a troup of
shrimp&quot;, &quot;a turn of turtles&quot;, &quot;a twack of ducks&quot;, &quot;a ubiquity of
sparrows&quot;, &quot;a wake of buzzards&quot;, &quot;a walk of snipe&quot;, &quot;a watch of
nightingales&quot;, &quot;a wedge of geese&quot;, &quot;a wedge of swans&quot;, &quot;a weyr of
dragons&quot;, &quot;a whiteness of swans&quot;, &quot;a wing of dragons&quot;, &quot;a wisp of
snipe&quot;, &quot;an army of ants&quot;, &quot;an army of frogs&quot;, &quot;an exaltation of
larks&quot;, &quot;an exalting of larks&quot;, &quot;an exultation of skylarks&quot;, &quot;an
eyrar of swans&quot;, &quot;an intrusion of cockroaches&quot;, &quot;an ostentation
of peacocks&quot;, &quot;an unkindness of ravens&quot;],
&quot;collectivesWithAdjectives&quot;:[&quot;a badling of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a
bale of #adjectives# turtles&quot;, &quot;a band of #adjectives# jays&quot;, &quot;a
bank of #adjectives# monitors&quot;, &quot;a bank of #adjectives# swans&quot;,
&quot;a bask of #adjectives# crocodiles&quot;, &quot;a bazaar of #adjectives#
guillemots&quot;, &quot;a bed of #adjectives# clams&quot;, &quot;a bed of
#adjectives# oysters&quot;, &quot;a bed of #adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;a
bellowing of #adjectives# bullfinches&quot;, &quot;a bevy of #adjectives#
larks&quot;, &quot;a bevy of #adjectives# quail&quot;, &quot;a bevy of #adjectives#
swans&quot;, &quot;a bevy of #adjectives# turtles&quot;, &quot;a bind of #adjectives#
salmon&quot;, &quot;a blaze of #adjectives# dragons&quot;, &quot;a bouquet of
#adjectives# flowers&quot;, &quot;a bouquet of #adjectives# pheasants&quot;, &quot;a
brood of #adjectives# hens&quot;, &quot;a building of #adjectives# rooks&quot;,
&quot;a bunch of #adjectives# grapes&quot;, &quot;a cast of #adjectives#
falcons&quot;, &quot;a cast of #adjectives# hawks&quot;, &quot;a charm of
#adjectives# finches&quot;, &quot;a charm of #adjectives# goldfinches&quot;, &quot;a
charm of #adjectives# hummingbirds&quot;, &quot;a chirm of #adjectives#
goldfinches&quot;, &quot;a clamour of #adjectives# rooks&quot;, &quot;a clattering of
#adjectives# choughs&quot;, &quot;a clattering of #adjectives# jackdaws&quot;,
&quot;a cloud of #adjectives# gnats&quot;, &quot;a cloud of #adjectives#
grasshoppers&quot;, &quot;a cloud of sea #adjectives# fowl&quot;, &quot;a cluster of
#adjectives# grapes&quot;, &quot;a cluster of #adjectives# spiders&quot;, &quot;a
clutch of #adjectives# chicks&quot;, &quot;a coil of #adjectives# wigeon&quot;,
&quot;a colony of #adjectives# ants&quot;, &quot;a colony of #adjectives#
frogs&quot;, &quot;a colony of #adjectives# gulls&quot;, &quot;a colony of
#adjectives# penguins&quot;, &quot;a company of #adjectives# parrots&quot;, &quot;a
congregation of #adjectives# alligators&quot;, &quot;a congregation of
#adjectives# crocodiles&quot;, &quot;a congregation of #adjectives#
plovers&quot;, &quot;a congress of #adjectives# eagles&quot;, &quot;a conventicle of
#adjectives# magpies&quot;, &quot;a convocation of #adjectives# eagles&quot;, &quot;a
copse of #adjectives# trees&quot;, &quot;a covert of #adjectives# coots&quot;,
&quot;a covey of #adjectives# birds&quot;, &quot;a covey of #adjectives#
grouse&quot;, &quot;a covey of #adjectives# partridges&quot;, &quot;a covey of
#adjectives# pheasants&quot;, &quot;a covey of #adjectives# ptarmigans&quot;, &quot;a
covey of #adjectives# quail&quot;, &quot;a creche of #adjectives#
penguins&quot;, &quot;a creep of #adjectives# tortoises&quot;, &quot;a culture of
#adjectives# bacteria&quot;, &quot;a den of #adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;a den of
#adjectives# vipers&quot;, &quot;a descent of #adjectives# woodpeckers&quot;, &quot;a
desert of #adjectives# lapwings&quot;, &quot;a dissimulation of
#adjectives# birds&quot;, &quot;a diving of #adjectives# teal&quot;, &quot;a doading
of #adjectives# sheldrakes&quot;, &quot;a dole of #adjectives# doves&quot;, &quot;a
dopping of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a dose of #adjectives# crabs&quot;,
&quot;a drum of #adjectives# goldfinches&quot;, &quot;a dule of #adjectives#
turtles&quot;, &quot;a fall of #adjectives# woodcocks&quot;, &quot;a fever of
#adjectives# stingrays&quot;, &quot;a flamboyance of #adjectives#
flamingoes&quot;, &quot;a fleet of #adjectives# mudhen&quot;, &quot;a flight of
#adjectives# butterflies&quot;, &quot;a flight of #adjectives# cormorants&quot;,
&quot;a flight of #adjectives# doves&quot;, &quot;a flight of #adjectives#
dragons&quot;, &quot;a flight of #adjectives# goshawks&quot;, &quot;a flight of
#adjectives# swallows&quot;, &quot;a fling of #adjectives# dunlins&quot;, &quot;a
fling of #adjectives# sandpipers&quot;, &quot;a float of #adjectives#
crocodiles&quot;, &quot;a flock of #adjectives# birds&quot;, &quot;a flock of
#adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;a flock of #adjectives# seagulls&quot;, &quot;a flush
of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a fluther of #adjectives# jellyfish&quot;, &quot;a
flutter of #adjectives# butterflies&quot;, &quot;a fry of #adjectives#
eel&quot;, &quot;a gaggle of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;a gaggle of #adjectives#
swans&quot;, &quot;a gargle of #adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;a glean of
#adjectives# herrings&quot;, &quot;a grind of #adjectives# blackfish&quot;, &quot;a
grove of #adjectives# trees&quot;, &quot;a hand of #adjectives# bananas&quot;,
&quot;a herd of #adjectives# cranes&quot;, &quot;a herd of #adjectives#
curlews&quot;, &quot;a herd of #adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;a herd of #adjectives#
wrens&quot;, &quot;a hill of #adjectives# ruffs&quot;, &quot;a hive of #adjectives#
bees&quot;, &quot;a horde of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;a host of #adjectives#
sparrows&quot;, &quot;a hover of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;a hover of
#adjectives# trouts&quot;, &quot;a huddle of #adjectives# penguins&quot;, &quot;a
kettle of #adjectives# hawks&quot;, &quot;a kit of #adjectives# pigeons&quot;,
&quot;a knob of #adjectives# toads&quot;, &quot;a knob of #adjectives#
waterfowl&quot;, &quot;a knot of #adjectives# frogs&quot;, &quot;a knot of
#adjectives# toads&quot;, &quot;a knot of #adjectives# worms&quot;, &quot;a lap of
#adjectives# cod&quot;, &quot;a lease of tame #adjectives# hawks&quot;, &quot;a lek
of #adjectives# grouse&quot;, &quot;a loft of #adjectives# pigeons&quot;, &quot;a
loveliness of #adjectives# ladybirds&quot;, &quot;a lump of #adjectives#
toads&quot;, &quot;a mess of #adjectives# iguanas&quot;, &quot;a mews of #adjectives#
capons&quot;, &quot;a mite of #adjectives# mites&quot;, &quot;a mob of #adjectives#
crows&quot;, &quot;a murder of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;a murmuration of
#adjectives# starlings&quot;, &quot;a muster of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;a
muster of #adjectives# peacocks&quot;, &quot;a muster of #adjectives#
storks&quot;, &quot;a mutation of #adjectives# thrushes&quot;, &quot;a nest of
#adjectives# crocodiles&quot;, &quot;a nest of #adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;a
nest of #adjectives# toads&quot;, &quot;a nest of #adjectives# turtles&quot;, &quot;a
nest of #adjectives# vipers&quot;, &quot;a nide of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;a
nide of #adjectives# pheasants&quot;, &quot;a nye of #adjectives#
pheasants&quot;, &quot;a pack of #adjectives# galahs&quot;, &quot;a pack of
#adjectives# grouse&quot;, &quot;a paddling of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a
pandemonium of #adjectives# parrots&quot;, &quot;a parcel of #adjectives#
crows&quot;, &quot;a parcel of #adjectives# penguins&quot;, &quot;a parliament of
#adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;a parliament of #adjectives# owls&quot;, &quot;a
parliament of #adjectives# rooks&quot;, &quot;a party of #adjectives#
jays&quot;, &quot;a patch of #adjectives# flowers&quot;, &quot;a peep of #adjectives#
chickens&quot;, &quot;a phalanx of #adjectives# storks&quot;, &quot;a pile of
#adjectives# leaves&quot;, &quot;a pit of #adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;a
piteousness of #adjectives# doves&quot;, &quot;a pitying of #adjectives#
doves&quot;, &quot;a pitying of #adjectives# turtledoves&quot;, &quot;a plague of
#adjectives# locusts&quot;, &quot;a plague of #adjectives# pigeons&quot;, &quot;a
plump of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a plump of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;a
plump of #adjectives# waterfowl&quot;, &quot;a pod of #adjectives# whales&quot;,
&quot;a prattle of #adjectives# parrots&quot;, &quot;a pride of #adjectives#
peacocks&quot;, &quot;a quarrel of #adjectives# sparrows&quot;, &quot;a quiver of
#adjectives# cobras&quot;, &quot;a raffle of #adjectives# turkeys&quot;, &quot;a raft
of #adjectives# auks&quot;, &quot;a raft of #adjectives# coots&quot;, &quot;a raft of
#adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a rafter of #adjectives# turkeys&quot;, &quot;a
rainbow of #adjectives# butterflies&quot;, &quot;a rasp of guinea
#adjectives# fowl&quot;, &quot;a rhumba of #adjectives# rattlesnakes&quot;, &quot;a
richness of #adjectives# martins&quot;, &quot;a risk of #adjectives#
lobsters&quot;, &quot;a rout of #adjectives# snail&quot;, &quot;a school of
#adjectives# fish&quot;, &quot;a scold of #adjectives# jays&quot;, &quot;a scourge of
#adjectives# mosquitoes&quot;, &quot;a screech of #adjectives# gulls&quot;, &quot;a
shiver of #adjectives# sharks&quot;, &quot;a shoal of #adjectives# bass&quot;,
&quot;a siege of #adjectives# bitterns&quot;, &quot;a siege of #adjectives#
herons&quot;, &quot;a skein of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;a slither of
#adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;a smack of #adjectives# jellyfish&quot;, &quot;a
sord of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a sord of #adjectives# mallards&quot;,
&quot;a spring of #adjectives# teal&quot;, &quot;a stand of #adjectives#
flamingoes&quot;, &quot;a stand of #adjectives# trees&quot;, &quot;a stare of
#adjectives# owls&quot;, &quot;a sute of #adjectives# mallards&quot;, &quot;a swarm
of #adjectives# ants&quot;, &quot;a swarm of #adjectives# bees&quot;, &quot;a swarm
of #adjectives# eel&quot;, &quot;a swarm of #adjectives# flies&quot;, &quot;a taint
of #adjectives# tilapia&quot;, &quot;a team of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a
thicket of #adjectives# trees&quot;, &quot;a tidings of #adjectives#
magpies&quot;, &quot;a train of #adjectives# jackdaws&quot;, &quot;a trembing of
#adjectives# finches&quot;, &quot;a trimming of #adjectives# finches&quot;, &quot;a
trip of #adjectives# dotterel&quot;, &quot;a troubling of #adjectives#
goldfinches&quot;, &quot;a troubling of #adjectives# goldfish&quot;, &quot;a troup of
#adjectives# shrimp&quot;, &quot;a turn of #adjectives# turtles&quot;, &quot;a twack
of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;a ubiquity of #adjectives# sparrows&quot;, &quot;a
wake of #adjectives# buzzards&quot;, &quot;a walk of #adjectives# snipe&quot;,
&quot;a watch of #adjectives# nightingales&quot;, &quot;a wedge of #adjectives#
geese&quot;, &quot;a wedge of #adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;a weyr of #adjectives#
dragons&quot;, &quot;a whiteness of #adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;a wing of
#adjectives# dragons&quot;, &quot;a wisp of #adjectives# snipe&quot;, &quot;an army
of #adjectives# ants&quot;, &quot;an army of #adjectives# frogs&quot;, &quot;an
exaltation of #adjectives# larks&quot;, &quot;an exalting of #adjectives#
larks&quot;, &quot;an exultation of #adjectives# skylarks&quot;, &quot;an eyrar of
#adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;an intrusion of #adjectives# cockroaches&quot;,
&quot;an ostentation of #adjectives# peacocks&quot;, &quot;an unkindness of
#adjectives# ravens&quot;],
&quot;collectivesWithAdjectivesNoAAn&quot;: [&quot;badling of #adjectives# ducks&quot;,
&quot;bale of #adjectives# turtles&quot;, &quot;band of #adjectives# jays&quot;,
&quot;bank of #adjectives# monitors&quot;, &quot;bank of #adjectives# swans&quot;,
&quot;bask of #adjectives# crocodiles&quot;, &quot;bazaar of #adjectives#
guillemots&quot;, &quot;bed of #adjectives# clams&quot;, &quot;bed of #adjectives#
oysters&quot;, &quot;bed of #adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;bellowing of
#adjectives# bullfinches&quot;, &quot;bevy of #adjectives# larks&quot;, &quot;bevy of
#adjectives# quail&quot;, &quot;bevy of #adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;bevy of
#adjectives# turtles&quot;, &quot;bind of #adjectives# salmon&quot;, &quot;blaze of
#adjectives# dragons&quot;, &quot;bouquet of #adjectives# flowers&quot;,
&quot;bouquet of #adjectives# pheasants&quot;, &quot;brood of #adjectives#
hens&quot;, &quot;building of #adjectives# rooks&quot;, &quot;bunch of #adjectives#
grapes&quot;, &quot;cast of #adjectives# falcons&quot;, &quot;cast of #adjectives#
hawks&quot;, &quot;charm of #adjectives# finches&quot;, &quot;charm of #adjectives#
goldfinches&quot;, &quot;charm of #adjectives# hummingbirds&quot;, &quot;chirm of
#adjectives# goldfinches&quot;, &quot;clamour of #adjectives# rooks&quot;,
&quot;clattering of #adjectives# choughs&quot;, &quot;clattering of #adjectives#
jackdaws&quot;, &quot;cloud of #adjectives# gnats&quot;, &quot;cloud of #adjectives#
grasshoppers&quot;, &quot;cloud of sea #adjectives# fowl&quot;, &quot;cluster of
#adjectives# grapes&quot;, &quot;cluster of #adjectives# spiders&quot;, &quot;clutch
of #adjectives# chicks&quot;, &quot;coil of #adjectives# wigeon&quot;, &quot;colony
of #adjectives# ants&quot;, &quot;colony of #adjectives# frogs&quot;, &quot;colony of
#adjectives# gulls&quot;, &quot;colony of #adjectives# penguins&quot;, &quot;company
of #adjectives# parrots&quot;, &quot;congregation of #adjectives#
alligators&quot;, &quot;congregation of #adjectives# crocodiles&quot;,
&quot;congregation of #adjectives# plovers&quot;, &quot;congress of #adjectives#
eagles&quot;, &quot;conventicle of #adjectives# magpies&quot;, &quot;convocation of
#adjectives# eagles&quot;, &quot;copse of #adjectives# trees&quot;, &quot;covert of
#adjectives# coots&quot;, &quot;covey of #adjectives# birds&quot;, &quot;covey of
#adjectives# grouse&quot;, &quot;covey of #adjectives# partridges&quot;, &quot;covey
of #adjectives# pheasants&quot;, &quot;covey of #adjectives# ptarmigans&quot;,
&quot;covey of #adjectives# quail&quot;, &quot;creche of #adjectives# penguins&quot;,
&quot;creep of #adjectives# tortoises&quot;, &quot;culture of #adjectives#
bacteria&quot;, &quot;den of #adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;den of #adjectives#
vipers&quot;, &quot;descent of #adjectives# woodpeckers&quot;, &quot;desert of
#adjectives# lapwings&quot;, &quot;dissimulation of #adjectives# birds&quot;,
&quot;diving of #adjectives# teal&quot;, &quot;doading of #adjectives#
sheldrakes&quot;, &quot;dole of #adjectives# doves&quot;, &quot;dopping of
#adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;dose of #adjectives# crabs&quot;, &quot;drum of
#adjectives# goldfinches&quot;, &quot;dule of #adjectives# turtles&quot;, &quot;fall
of #adjectives# woodcocks&quot;, &quot;fever of #adjectives# stingrays&quot;,
&quot;flamboyance of #adjectives# flamingoes&quot;, &quot;fleet of #adjectives#
mudhen&quot;, &quot;flight of #adjectives# butterflies&quot;, &quot;flight of
#adjectives# cormorants&quot;, &quot;flight of #adjectives# doves&quot;, &quot;flight
of #adjectives# dragons&quot;, &quot;flight of #adjectives# goshawks&quot;,
&quot;flight of #adjectives# swallows&quot;, &quot;fling of #adjectives#
dunlins&quot;, &quot;fling of #adjectives# sandpipers&quot;, &quot;float of
#adjectives# crocodiles&quot;, &quot;flock of #adjectives# birds&quot;, &quot;flock
of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;flock of #adjectives# seagulls&quot;, &quot;flush
of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;fluther of #adjectives# jellyfish&quot;,
&quot;flutter of #adjectives# butterflies&quot;, &quot;fry of #adjectives# eel&quot;,
&quot;gaggle of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;gaggle of #adjectives# swans&quot;,
&quot;gargle of #adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;glean of #adjectives# herrings&quot;,
&quot;grind of #adjectives# blackfish&quot;, &quot;grove of #adjectives# trees&quot;,
&quot;hand of #adjectives# bananas&quot;, &quot;herd of #adjectives# cranes&quot;,
&quot;herd of #adjectives# curlews&quot;, &quot;herd of #adjectives# swans&quot;,
&quot;herd of #adjectives# wrens&quot;, &quot;hill of #adjectives# ruffs&quot;, &quot;hive
of #adjectives# bees&quot;, &quot;horde of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;host of
#adjectives# sparrows&quot;, &quot;hover of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;hover of
#adjectives# trouts&quot;, &quot;huddle of #adjectives# penguins&quot;, &quot;kettle
of #adjectives# hawks&quot;, &quot;kit of #adjectives# pigeons&quot;, &quot;knob of
#adjectives# toads&quot;, &quot;knob of #adjectives# waterfowl&quot;, &quot;knot of
#adjectives# frogs&quot;, &quot;knot of #adjectives# toads&quot;, &quot;knot of
#adjectives# worms&quot;, &quot;lap of #adjectives# cod&quot;, &quot;lease of tame
#adjectives# hawks&quot;, &quot;lek of #adjectives# grouse&quot;, &quot;loft of
#adjectives# pigeons&quot;, &quot;loveliness of #adjectives# ladybirds&quot;,
&quot;lump of #adjectives# toads&quot;, &quot;mess of #adjectives# iguanas&quot;,
&quot;mews of #adjectives# capons&quot;, &quot;mite of #adjectives# mites&quot;, &quot;mob
of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;murder of #adjectives# crows&quot;,
&quot;murmuration of #adjectives# starlings&quot;, &quot;muster of #adjectives#
crows&quot;, &quot;muster of #adjectives# peacocks&quot;, &quot;muster of
#adjectives# storks&quot;, &quot;mutation of #adjectives# thrushes&quot;, &quot;nest
of #adjectives# crocodiles&quot;, &quot;nest of #adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;nest
of #adjectives# toads&quot;, &quot;nest of #adjectives# turtles&quot;, &quot;nest of
#adjectives# vipers&quot;, &quot;nide of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;nide of
#adjectives# pheasants&quot;, &quot;nye of #adjectives# pheasants&quot;, &quot;pack
of #adjectives# galahs&quot;, &quot;pack of #adjectives# grouse&quot;, &quot;paddling
of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;pandemonium of #adjectives# parrots&quot;,
&quot;parcel of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;parcel of #adjectives#
penguins&quot;, &quot;parliament of #adjectives# crows&quot;, &quot;parliament of
#adjectives# owls&quot;, &quot;parliament of #adjectives# rooks&quot;, &quot;party of
#adjectives# jays&quot;, &quot;patch of #adjectives# flowers&quot;, &quot;peep of
#adjectives# chickens&quot;, &quot;phalanx of #adjectives# storks&quot;, &quot;pile
of #adjectives# leaves&quot;, &quot;pit of #adjectives# snakes&quot;,
&quot;piteousness of #adjectives# doves&quot;, &quot;pitying of #adjectives#
doves&quot;, &quot;pitying of #adjectives# turtledoves&quot;, &quot;plague of
#adjectives# locusts&quot;, &quot;plague of #adjectives# pigeons&quot;, &quot;plump
of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;plump of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;plump of
#adjectives# waterfowl&quot;, &quot;pod of #adjectives# whales&quot;, &quot;prattle
of #adjectives# parrots&quot;, &quot;pride of #adjectives# peacocks&quot;,
&quot;quarrel of #adjectives# sparrows&quot;, &quot;quiver of #adjectives#
cobras&quot;, &quot;raffle of #adjectives# turkeys&quot;, &quot;raft of #adjectives#
auks&quot;, &quot;raft of #adjectives# coots&quot;, &quot;raft of #adjectives#
ducks&quot;, &quot;rafter of #adjectives# turkeys&quot;, &quot;rainbow of
#adjectives# butterflies&quot;, &quot;rasp of guinea #adjectives# fowl&quot;,
&quot;rhumba of #adjectives# rattlesnakes&quot;, &quot;richness of #adjectives#
martins&quot;, &quot;risk of #adjectives# lobsters&quot;, &quot;rout of #adjectives#
snail&quot;, &quot;school of #adjectives# fish&quot;, &quot;scold of #adjectives#
jays&quot;, &quot;scourge of #adjectives# mosquitoes&quot;, &quot;screech of
#adjectives# gulls&quot;, &quot;shiver of #adjectives# sharks&quot;, &quot;shoal of
#adjectives# bass&quot;, &quot;siege of #adjectives# bitterns&quot;, &quot;siege of
#adjectives# herons&quot;, &quot;skein of #adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;slither of
#adjectives# snakes&quot;, &quot;smack of #adjectives# jellyfish&quot;, &quot;sord of
#adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;sord of #adjectives# mallards&quot;, &quot;spring of
#adjectives# teal&quot;, &quot;stand of #adjectives# flamingoes&quot;, &quot;stand of
#adjectives# trees&quot;, &quot;stare of #adjectives# owls&quot;, &quot;sute of
#adjectives# mallards&quot;, &quot;swarm of #adjectives# ants&quot;, &quot;swarm of
#adjectives# bees&quot;, &quot;swarm of #adjectives# eel&quot;, &quot;swarm of
#adjectives# flies&quot;, &quot;taint of #adjectives# tilapia&quot;, &quot;team of
#adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;thicket of #adjectives# trees&quot;, &quot;tidings of
#adjectives# magpies&quot;, &quot;train of #adjectives# jackdaws&quot;,
&quot;trembing of #adjectives# finches&quot;, &quot;trimming of #adjectives#
finches&quot;, &quot;trip of #adjectives# dotterel&quot;, &quot;troubling of
#adjectives# goldfinches&quot;, &quot;troubling of #adjectives# goldfish&quot;,
&quot;troup of #adjectives# shrimp&quot;, &quot;turn of #adjectives# turtles&quot;,
&quot;twack of #adjectives# ducks&quot;, &quot;ubiquity of #adjectives#
sparrows&quot;, &quot;wake of #adjectives# buzzards&quot;, &quot;walk of #adjectives#
snipe&quot;, &quot;watch of #adjectives# nightingales&quot;, &quot;wedge of
#adjectives# geese&quot;, &quot;wedge of #adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;weyr of
#adjectives# dragons&quot;, &quot;whiteness of #adjectives# swans&quot;, &quot;wing
of #adjectives# dragons&quot;, &quot;wisp of #adjectives# snipe&quot;, &quot;army of
#adjectives# ants&quot;, &quot;army of #adjectives# frogs&quot;, &quot;exaltation of
#adjectives# larks&quot;, &quot;exalting of #adjectives# larks&quot;,
&quot;exultation of #adjectives# skylarks&quot;, &quot;eyrar of #adjectives#
swans&quot;, &quot;intrusion of #adjectives# cockroaches&quot;, &quot;ostentation of
#adjectives# peacocks&quot;, &quot;unkindness of #adjectives# ravens&quot;],
&quot;place&quot;: [&quot;Barrio Logan&quot;, &quot;Black Mountain Ranch&quot;, &quot;Carmel Mountain
Ranch&quot;, &quot;Carmel Valley&quot;, &quot;City Heights&quot;, &quot;Clairemont Mesa&quot;,
&quot;College Area&quot;, &quot;Del Mar Mesa&quot;, &quot;Downtown Centre City&quot;, &quot;East
Elliott&quot;, &quot;Eastern Areas&quot;, &quot;Encanto&quot;, &quot;Fairbanks Ranch Country
Club&quot;, &quot;Greater Golden Hill&quot;, &quot;Kearny Mesa&quot;, &quot;Kensington&quot;,
&quot;Talmadge&quot;, &quot;La Jolla&quot;, &quot;Linda Vista&quot;, &quot;Midway Pacific Highway&quot;,
&quot;Miramar Ranch North&quot;, &quot;Mira Mesa&quot;, &quot;Mission Beach&quot;, &quot;Mission
Valley&quot;, &quot;Normal Heights&quot;, &quot;North Park&quot;, &quot;Ocean Beach&quot;, &quot;Old Town
San Diego&quot;, &quot;Otay Mesa&quot;, &quot;Pacific Beach&quot;, &quot;Pacific Highlands
Ranch&quot;, &quot;Peninsula&quot;, &quot;Rancho Bernardo&quot;, &quot;Rancho Encantada&quot;,
&quot;Rancho Peasquitos&quot;, &quot;Sabre Springs&quot;, &quot;San Pasqual Valley&quot;, &quot;San
Ysidro&quot;, &quot;Scripps Miramar Ranch&quot;, &quot;Serra Mesa&quot;, &quot;Skyline Paradise
Hills&quot;, &quot;Southeastern San Diego&quot;, &quot;Tierrasanta&quot;, &quot;Tijuana River
Valley&quot;, &quot;Torrey Highlands&quot;, &quot;Torrey Hills&quot;, &quot;Torrey Pines&quot;,
&quot;University&quot;, &quot;Uptown San Diego&quot;, &quot;Via de la Valle&quot;, &quot;Solana
Beach&quot;],
&quot;origin&quot;: [&quot;#collectivesWithAdjectivesNoAAn.a.capitalize# #verbs#
#collectivesWithAdjectives# in \\##place.replace( ,)#!
\\#SanDiego&quot;]
}Ventcheck - a twitter bot I wrote in 2016
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BejXTNqlTSK/
via IFTTTCutest stickers at @salesforce #lightningnow seminar here in San Diego. Added to my iPad though I took my notes on paper today.
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BelWkK4lamJ/
via IFTTTDay 2 of #lightningnow learning about Kanban view inside @Salesforce + bonus t-shirt! Remain impressed by quality of Trailhead exercises for a novice like me. I also like that its kind of Shazam!/Mage/Captain Marvel.
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/Bev7I9eFiHG/
via IFTTTTHIS IS THAT
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/Beyf3MelVkl/
via IFTTTSan Diego is not supposed to have sea turtles and yet here one is. Climate change brings a shelled friend on a kayak tour with the excellent @everydaycalifornia in La Jolla. First time going out with them. Will definitely return.
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/Be01cWVl9mQ/
via IFTTTZine by @miamigardenclub arrived last week and its awesome. Particularly liked hypochondria flowchart. Oh and you should get Miami Garden Club.
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/Be3X6cPF-NL/
via IFTTTNORTH PARK
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/Be4LP1PFkgw/
via IFTTTChris & Sharon. Human Powered Vehicle Race @ Cal State Fullerton, 1989.I went to Jason Calacanis' conference Digital Coast 2000 way back when. I didn't write about it, but it was inspiring. I found Calacanis inspiring, he's a raconteur and a troublemaker and I have enjoyed his podcasts over the years. The other standouts from that conference were Mark Cuban who I quoted long ago The minute you think youre smart  youre toast. I wish I'd kept notes from hearing Barlow speak.

Here's the description of that conference I got out of the web archive:

Exploring the Digital Transformation  of Entertainment and Southern  California's Booming Internet Economy

September 12-14, 2000 at the Directors Guild of America, Los Angeles

Digital Coast 2000 is the second annual gathering of the leading executives, artists and technologists building Southern California's burgeoning digital industries. The three-day event takes place in association with The Directors Guild of America and NATPE with the support of Variety.


We're thrilled to announce a number of newly-added guest speakers, including: Shaquille O'Neal, NBA reigning MVP &amp; World Champion, and Co-founder &amp; Principal, Dunk.net; Award-winning directors Wayne Wang (Joy Luck Club, Smoke, Blue in the Face),  Penelope Spheeris (Wayne's World, Decline of Western Civilization); and Alex Singer (director of more than 250 TV and 5 motion pictures including Stanley Kubrick's first feature, Day of the Fight); Stan Lee Media Founder, Chairman and Chief Creative Officer Stan Lee; Centropolis Partner Dean Devlin; Digital Media Campus Chairman and CEO Leonard Armato; Acclaimed cinematographer Theo Van de Sande; Project Voyager CEO and co-founder Joe Firmage; RIAA CEO Hilary Rosen; and David O. Carson, General Counsel for the U.S. Copyright Office.


The three-day agenda features keynote and fireside chats with e-business leaders including Broadcast.com CEO Mark Cuban and Idealab Chairman Bill Gross. Panels on the e-Business Track include an e-services CEOs roundtable with Jeff Dachis of Razorfish, Bert Ellis of IXL, Robert Bernard of MarchFirst, Bob Gett of Viant, and Scott Mednick of Xceed; a "Digital Coast Enterprise Success Stories" panel examining how mature companies are re-engineering through Internet technology and new, networked operational models; "Internet Book Publishing and Online Literature" with leading executives and e-published authors, and a roundtable of top Digital Coast VC's on the state of venture capital in Southern California.

Topics on the Digital Coast 2000 Convergence Track include "The e-Biznification of Hollywood" in which top executives from major and independent motion picture studios examine the Internet's impact on the film industry;"The Animation Renaissance" featuring exclusive premiere screenings from top online animation producers; an Interactive and Enhanced Television panel showcasing live demos from award-winning enhanced TV content creators and the American Film Institute; "Talent Rights: Artists, Agencies and the Risks and Rewards of Online Opportunities" on the new Internet agreements with leaders of the DGA, SAG, and WGA; and panels such as "The Future of Intellectual Property" and "Music, Money and The P2P Revolution" including Ian Clarke of Freenet, Gene Kan of Infrasearch, Bill Bales of Applesoup, Jim Griffin of Evolab; and EFF co-founder John Perry Barlow.

Online entertainment creators at Digital Coast 2000 include Bruce Branit and Jeremy Hunt of "405 The Movie"and Joseph Levy of "George Lucas In Love"; plus special international guest Gordan Paunovic, co-founder of RadioB92 Belgrade.

We're also very proud to announce the first annual Digital Coast Awards for excellence in digital entertainment -- we'll be honoring some of the hottest online entertainment projects from the past year at a special ceremony on September 14, from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m.

What I remember of Barlow was that he really helped me understand what internet sharing was about. Napster and intellectual property were deeply in the news, and Barlow contextualized internet sharing as part of music history. The Grateful Dead famously allowed fans to record and share their music. It helped me put internet freedom and "intellectual property" on my map of free public goods -- libraries and shared knowledge in the form of science. He was inspirational.

Barlow was in the zeitgeist of the time back then. Here's something from Courtney Pulitzer's CyberScene, a quote from Barlow from 1999 about his own mother dying:



A vertible institution himself, the great woman (and institution) behind the great man -- John Perry Barlow -- is Miriam Jenkins Barlow Bailey. Johns mother died a few weeks ago and he sent a moving tribute about her to friends, and granted me permission to reprint it with her picture.

John wrote: My mother was immense, *much* larger than life. No one who met her came away untouched - or unscathed, as the case may have been. She has kept an electric tension on a line that ran through the center of my life all its course. Now, all at once, that line's gone slack. The world is suddenly a far less interesting place. Some years ago, shortly after his own mother died, John Kennedy, Jr. mused to me, 'I don't think anyone really becomes an adult until both of his parents are dead.' Now I'm starting to understand what he meant. 

How sadly ironic that John quotes his friend JFK, Jr., who he (in addition to the rest of the world) has had to say goodbye to also. I saw Mr. Barlow on television talking about his friendship with JFK, Jr. this past week, and can only think of how the world does seems a far less interesting place when one loses someone dear. Death is a great and final tragedy, but as John and as JFK, Jr. both indicate, its a release, a dawning and forces us to grow up a little more, straighten our back, lift our chin and go boldly forward as an adult.

God Bless Miriam Jenkins Barlow Bailey, John F. Kennedy Jr., Carolyn Bessette Kennedy and Lauren Bessette. May they all go forth in peace and may we all breathe a bit deeper today in appreciation of our gift of Life.

From the EFF: John Perry Barlow, Internet Pioneer, 1947-2018


John Perry Barlow, Rest in PeaceOn January 29th and 30th I attended the Lighting Tour of Salesforce.com that was held here in San Diego. I had a lot of fun, and got a great sense that my skills in web development may have a great deal of carryover into working with and developing for Salesforce.
Cutest stickers at @salesforce #lightningnow seminar here in San Diego. Added to my iPad though I took my notes on paper today.

Day 2 of #lightningnow learning about Kanban view inside @Salesforce + bonus t-shirt! Remain impressed by quality of Trailhead exercises for a novice like me. I also like that its kind of Shazam!/Mage/Captain Marvel.
[caption id="attachment_16712" align="aligncenter" width="500"] Here's the code editor that is part and parcel of developing for Salesforce.[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_16713" align="aligncenter" width="500"] In web development one has to be cognizant of issues related to caching when making frequent updates. Here's the setting you'd look for to make sure you're seeing freshly edited content.[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_16714" align="aligncenter" width="430"] I was very impressed with the API versioning that's a part of Salesforce. You can target different versions of Apex and in this way you can migrate to newer API versions as you need to in a manner that's safe. Salesforce can keep innovating, and your apps won't break. That's smart.[/caption]

I was also very interested to see the differences in code from "old style" and their "new style." Of course I had no concept of the older style but I can see that they've taken some time to encapsulate very robust and common functionality in ways that are quicker to develop for.



[caption id="attachment_16715" align="aligncenter" width="500"] Installing a new Project screen. I'm not sure what made me capture this one actually. Possibly I just thought to myself: this is some pretty professional and polished stuff. Which is the impression I got generally.[/caption]

[caption id="attachment_16718" align="aligncenter" width="500"] It's a few weeks later and I'm having fun going through the tutorials and exercises on Trailhead.[/caption]

Here's my profile on Trailhead: Joe CrawfordRandom Notes on #lightningnow Tour / Trailhead / Salesforce
from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/Be_X4LnldAg/
via IFTTTMe & Crystal. 1982? from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BfEgOHil_Qb/ via IFTTTThis weekend Im spending with code but last weekend I went kayaking with my friend Kelly and it was AMAZING. Turtles and Garibaldi and seals and dolphins. Must do again soon!Well here's something cool! My pal Dennis Wilen backed up his Soundcloud hosted files to Archive.org - We backed up my SoundCloud to Archive.org and you can too.

There's a shell script by Tom Higgins that facilitates it.

Backup your Soundcloud files to Archive.org from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BfMnljxlFuC/ via IFTTT15 years together and 13 years married and continuing to navigate the shoals and complexities of love. Its a big beautiful world! Happy Valentines Day to Leah and everyone! We (the government) regulate hairdressers and car exhaust and doctors and lawyers and how you add a new room to your house and we license you to drive a car and regulate boats and regulate your speed on the interstate and how you educate your children and test whether your toys are safe and whether your lettuce is clean and we regulate what the word organic means on a food package and we regulate how people houses are sold so its fair and we monitor air quality and we regulate how much you get paid on unemployment and we regulate how and who can vote and we have rules on lead in paint and we regulate if you can own a ferret in some places. Most of us see these as good things because a hairdresser not meeting standards can hurt you and cars with too much emissions cause smoke and untrained doctors and lawyers are a terrible idea and you need to learn to drive a car properly if youre going to drive and if youre going to teach your kids yourself you aught to do it right and if the lettuce isnt clean you can get really sick and if something is organic it should actually mean something and the real estate business has a really shady history of treating people different based on race so we need to fix that and we should keep track of air quality because again, health and yes we should make sure people who vote have the right to vote (although more of us really should vote because we all have a stake in this world) and lead in paint has this really terrible history of hurting people bad and while I dont understand why some places dont allow ferrets, even worse I have no idea why my idea of monitoring and regulating firearms betteras in, in such a way that we maybe get less people killed every yearmakes me Un-American.

(Originally posted to Medium)I dont understand the excess rules about ferrets or the deficit of rules about guns. from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BfRfw82FksO/ via IFTTTSelf. from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BfWnWYclUDH/ via IFTTTCorgi\Gwen\Del Mar Dog BeachI've been hosting WordPress websites for a long time. This blog I migrated to WordPress in 2004. I had experience with it running San Diego Blog which started on B2 and I converted to WordPress in Summer 2004. So I've been hosting WordPress a long time. There's a reason the software is popular. It's free, flexible, straightforward to customize, theme, improve, update.

This ease-of-use has brought ubiquity. So much so I attended Creative Mornings San Diego the other morning and one of the sponsors was WordPress. The short description of WordPress included the tagline "powering 25% of websites."

Ubiquity has made WordPress an extraordinarily attack surface area for hackers. (Like Windows has been for a long time! Yay?!) I've seen hacks against user accounts, against the upload feature, I've seen worms, and DOS attacks and everything in-between. An absolutely vital tool for me has been WordFence. They've done a great job on the free version of the tool. I feel like the paid version is a bit too pricy for my own usage, but WordFence version 7 has been a great update already. This blog has had some targeted SQL injection attacks as well as some suspicious user creation behavior directed at it that WordFence alerted me to and thwarted successfully.

I run several other websites and having WordFence do this kind of work and keeping me up to date keeps my mind at ease.WordFence is vital for self-hosted WordPress instances.In 2001 I started blogging via blogger.com. It allowed me to augment my personal site using blog with an external service via FTP and experiment with regularly writing. On this anniversary I have commemorated this before: 2002, 2003, 2004, 2007, 2011, 2014, and 2015.

In 2003 I wrote:


I am at a loss, but its not for public condemnation or praise. I would like this blog to be a conduit for finding work and for sharing my thoughts on the technical things which jazz up my life. I also want it, now I realize, as a means to share my experience.

And these many years later that's pretty much what it's for. Granted, much of what I do now is cross-post my Instagram posts but still, I'm using this more as my own showcase, for my imperfect self to play with technology.

Just a few months after I started the site here's what the site looked like when you landed on it, note the blog in the right column:



I'm still learning to blog, and still blogging, and still experimenting.
17 Years And CountingI did an export using Pedometer++ and here's a graph of my steps for the last several years.



That corresponds to a 4 and a half mile walk I took. I'm not sure why there's an off by one error or why there are so many zero-step days. (Was I bedridden?) But I love the trends, such as they are, regardless.





Previously.Most Steps.I never posted about the fact that I did a second MODOK in 2012. I mentioned the first one I did here, but not the second.

What?You've never heard of March MODOK Madness?

You've never heard of MODOK? Read about him!

March Modok Madness is coming! from Instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BfcVJsCFTBT/ via IFTTTLove (last week)I've been doing maintenance galore on this site. I have a hand-written theme and I've been doing things like returning the footer to a good shape and sweating the responsive details of it.



I first wrote that code in 2010 but I've adapted it to be a bit better and now am using CSS Grid to allow those columns to display a bit better on different screen sizes and form factors.



The header has a similar but not quite the same treatment on archive pages to allow navigating from month to month and year to year quickly.

Like I said, I first wrote the code for the years and months visualization back in 2010.

The PHP code has not changed a great deal from 2010:
&lt;div id=&quot;sidebar&quot; class=&quot;sidebar-archive&quot;&gt;

&lt;?php

/* show archive information */
$args = array(
	&#039;type&#039;            =&gt; &#039;monthly&#039;,
	&#039;format&#039;          =&gt; &#039;custom&#039;,
	&#039;show_post_count&#039; =&gt; true,
	&#039;echo&#039;            =&gt; 0 );
$resulthtml = wp_get_archives($args);
$archives = array_map(&#039;trim&#039;, explode(&quot;\n&quot;, $resulthtml));
$archiveMonths = array();
foreach($archives as $item) {
	if (trim($item)!=&#039;&#039;) {
		$archiveMonths[] = trim($item);
	}
}
$archiveMonths = array_reverse($archiveMonths);

$archiveLinks = array();
$yearCount = array();

foreach ($archiveMonths as $link) {
	// link looks like:
	// &lt;a href=&#039;http://artlung.com/blog/2001/02/&#039; title=&#039;February 2001&#039;&gt;February 2001&lt;/a&gt;(9)
	// we want it to look like:
	// &lt;a href=&#039;http://artlung.com/blog/2001/02/&#039; title=&#039;February 2001&#039; style=&#039;background-position: -9px&#039;&gt;February&lt;/a&gt;
	// and we need the year;
	// and we need the count;
	$cssInitial = 400;
	$temp = explode(&#039;&lt;/a&gt;&#039;, $link);
	// [0] &lt;a href=&#039;http://artlung.com/blog/2001/02/&#039; title=&#039;February 2001&#039;&gt;February 2001
	// [1] (9)
	$count = (int)str_replace(array(&#039;(&#039;, &#039;(&#039;),&#039;&#039;,$temp[1]);
	// 0 ... -400
	// 5 ... -395
	// 10 .. -390
	// 20 .. -380
	$cssCount = ($count) - $cssIniital;
	$year = (int)substr($temp[0],-4);
	$yearCount[$year] += $count;

// 		$newLink = str_replace(&#039;\&#039;&gt;&#039;, &quot;, {$count} posts.&#039; style=&#039;background-position: {$cssCount}px 0;&#039;&gt;&quot;, substr($temp[0], 0, -5)) . &quot;&lt;/a&gt;&quot;;
	$newLink = str_replace(&#039;\&#039;&gt;&#039;, &quot;&#039; style=&#039;background-position: {$cssCount}px 0;&#039;&gt;&quot;, substr($temp[0], 0, -5)) . &quot;&lt;/a&gt;&quot;;

	$archiveLinks[$year][] = $newLink;//str_replace($just_text, $month, $link);
}
foreach ($archiveLinks as $k =&gt; $v) {
	print &#039;&lt;div class=&quot;archiveYear&quot;&gt;&#039;;
	print &quot;&lt;h4&gt;&lt;a href=\&quot;/blog/{$k}/\&quot; title=\&quot;{$yearCount[$k]} posts in the year {$k}.\&quot;&gt;{$k}&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;&quot;;
	print &#039;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&#039; . implode(&quot;&lt;/li&gt;\n&lt;li&gt;&quot;, $v) . &#039;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&#039;;
	print &#039;&lt;/div&gt;&#039;;
}

?&gt;


&lt;/div&gt;
And the CSS looks like this:
.sidebar-archive {
background-color: #000;
display: grid;
grid-template-columns: repeat(4, 1fr);
}
.sidebar-archive .archiveYear {
width: 100%;
}

@media screen and (min-width: 500px) {
.sidebar-archive {
  grid-template-columns: repeat(5, 1fr);
}
}
@media screen and (min-width: 600px) {
.sidebar-archive {
  grid-template-columns: repeat(6, 1fr);
}
}
@media screen and (min-width: 700px) {
.sidebar-archive {
  grid-template-columns: repeat(7, 1fr);
}
}
@media screen and (min-width: 800px) {
.sidebar-archive {
  grid-template-columns: repeat(8, 1fr);
}
}
@media screen and (min-width: 900px) {
.sidebar-archive {
  grid-template-columns: repeat(9, 1fr);
}
}
@media screen and (min-width: 1000px) {
.sidebar-archive {
  grid-template-columns: repeat(10, 1fr);
}
}
@media screen and (min-width: 1100px) {
.sidebar-archive {
  grid-template-columns: repeat(11, 1fr);
}
}
@media screen and (min-width: 1200px) {
.sidebar-archive {
  grid-template-columns: repeat(12, 1fr);
}
}
.archiveYear {
width: 100px;
background-color: #000;
padding: 0;
margin: 0;
display: inline-block;
height: 250px;
}
.archiveYear h4 {
background-color: #000;
padding: 15px;
margin: 0;
color: #fff;
text-align: left;
font-size: small;
font-weight: normal;
text-decoration: none;
}
.archiveYear h4 a {
padding: 15px;
margin: 0;
text-align: left;
font-size: small;
font-weight: normal;
text-decoration: none;
color: #fff;
}
.archiveYear h4 a:visited {
color: #fff;
}
.archiveYear h4 a:hover {
color: #fff;
}
.archiveYear h4 a:link {
color: #fff;
}
.archiveYear h4 a:active {
color: #fff;
}
.archiveYear ul {
padding: 0;
margin: 0;
list-style-type: none;
font-size: small;
height: 250px;
}
.archiveYear ul li {
padding: 0 15px;
text-align: left;
}
.archiveYear ul li a {
text-decoration: none;
color: #fff;
background-color: blue;
display: block;
padding: 2px;
cursor: pointer;
background-image: url(images/black-500x30.gif);
background-repeat: no-repeat;
}


The source code for all of this is available on GitHub. It also includes the SASS source code for the stylesheets. There are additional notes as well.

If anyone has any questions or comments, please give me a shout!Blog Post Visualization + Code
